Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
QA Automation Engineer  
The Company
Diligent is the pioneer in modern governance. We empower leaders to turn governance into a competitive advantage through unparalleled insight and highly secure, integrated SaaS applications, helping organizations thrive and endure in today’s complex, global landscape. The largest global network of corporate directors and executives, Diligent is relied on by more than 19,000 organizations and nearly 700,000 leaders in over 90 countries. With award-winning customer service, Diligent serves more than 50% of the Fortune 1000, 70% of the FTSE 100, and 65% of the ASX. Our passionate, smart, and creative group of more than 1,000 employees support customers around the globe.
Position Overview
Diligent are looking for a QA Engineer to join our Center for Global Product Innovation in Budapest. The QA Engineer will be working as a part of a Scrum team and primarily responsible for creating and automating test cases and identifying/reporting defects. This individual will work closely with all members of the team to create and drive a successful automation strategy for a product. This role requires technical intellect, strong communication, mentoring and leadership skills and someone who enjoys being part of a pro-active and self-managing team.
Key Responsibilities
Work as part of agile team to groom user stories and ensure work items are clear and testable
Evaluate existing and new components to identify best automation candidates among existing manual tests
Take leadership role in creating the automation framework for new products
Develop and maintain tests in an automated framework
Perform test design reviews and include team’s feedback
Identify, analyze, and document test results
Contribute to process improvement, look for ways of working smarter
Required Experience/Skills:
3-5 years of hands-on experience automating tests
Experience with developing a test automation framework
Experience with at least one object oriented programming language
Experience with CI tools (Jenkins)
Experience with the following:
Automating API–level tests
Automating UI level tests
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
QA Automation Engineer  
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 02.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Test Automation Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Medior/Senior Test Automation Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Lead Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Frontend Software Engineer (Angular) 
 Budapest  
 Medior/Senior Software Engineer  (.Net) 
 Budapest  
