Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Senior Fullstack Developer (Java/Angular) 
PT&I Software Engineer
Introduction
Hello software engineer! Are you ready to help us to become the most data & technology-driven airline in the world? And are you ready to impact the (working) life of more than 26,000 KLM employees? We would love to get to know you!
What are you going to do?
By applying your excellent coding and problem solving skills, and by being a strong team player, you will make the (working) life of more than 26,000 KLM employees better every day. As a t-shaped software engineer you design, build, improve, deliver, maintain and support the software applications in our business platform. Next to that your contribution will help us to be(come) a truly data & technology driven organization. Next to your engagement in communities of practice, 10% of your time will be dedicated to research and self-study, giving you the opportunity to further develop yourself.
More specifically the product team responsible for recruitment and onboarding is looking for you to help us create a new, and greatly improved, career website. You will be given the opportunity to build a best-in-class experience to truly make an impact.
Where do you land?
You will be working in the Data & Technology business platform "People, Technology & Intelligence" (Human Resources). As one of the software engineers in your (Scrum) team you will work from our head office in Amstelveen (next to that we are working from home part of the time). As a team, of around ten people, you will work closely with business and the other teams in the platform.
Your profile
You have proven to be an experienced, t-shaped software engineer who likes to work in both frontend (Angular) and backend (Java). With your strong knowledge about software development and technologies & methodologies you focus on building high quality applications that are maintainable, performant and secure. Being the senior software engineer of the team, you can support the product owner and others in the team. You are taking the lead on technical topics and you make sure that we, in collaboration with vendors and other teams, deliver excellent digital products.
You are a colleague that is great and fun to work with. You have strong communication skills and you like to work in an international environment with lots of cultural diversity. You are result driven, customer oriented and flexible to change. Although it would be great if you have all the technical skills mentioned below, we find it more important that you are pro-active, a good learner and an enthusiast for modern technology.
Furthermore, you:
know frontend development using JavaScript/Typescript, HTML5, CSS3+ and Angular;
know backend development using Java (8/11+) and Spring (Boot);
have knowledge of modern software engineering practices (clean code, design patterns);
know both SQL and no-SQL databases such as PostgreSQL and MongoDB;
know integration patterns such as SOA, request/reply (RESTful API's) and event driven architecture (JMS/Kafka);
know cloud technologies and DevOps (git, CI/CD, Azure, Kubernetes, Docker, Tomcat);
have in-depth knowledge and experience in the agile way of working (SAFe, Scrum, Kanban);
are fluent in English (Dutch is a plus).
What we offer besides an attractive salary
a challenging role at an unique employer;
plenty of room for personal development and wonderful career opportunities;
lots of freedom in tools, working hours and location;
a MacBook/laptop;
a good pension scheme;
an end of the year bonus up to 10%
profit sharing
great discounts on airline tickets (if you have been in service for at least 6 months);
a travel expenses scheme and a quarterly duty trip to Amsterdam
discount on your health insurance;
a personal budget for sustainable employability.
Are you ready for take-off?
Don’t wait any longer, send us your resume! A motivation letter is not required; we will simply ask you a couple of questions during your online application. Within two weeks you will receive a message from us. The recruitment procedure will consist of two interviews and a technical case.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Senior Fullstack Developer (Java/Angular) 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 02.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Fullstack Developer (Java,Angular) 
 Budapest  
 Medior Fullstack Developer - Java/Angular 
 Budapest  
 Senior Full-stack developer C#/Angular 
 Budapest  
 Java - Javacript Fullstack Developer 
 Budapest  
 Java/Angular Developer 
 Budapest  
