Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
German or French speaking Application Support Analyst 
Our partner is a global supplier of intelligent automation software. The company's software allows businesses to automate and improve business workflows by simplifying the handling of data and documents.
The small-sized Application Support team which operates in Hungary are really working together closely, hence we are seeking a person who fancies the idea of working in a small multinational environment.
The Application Support Analyst is responsible for providing 1st level technical support to end customers who purchased the company’s desktop products, and resolving reported issues in an effective and timely manner.  In addition, the position requires frequent interaction with Subject Matter Experts and Sr. Technical Support Engineers to properly document and escalation of undocumented issues.
Your main responsibilities are:
Greet customers in a courteous, friendly and professional manner using agreed upon procedures.
Provide 1st level technical support to our customers via phone, web, and email and other support channels as required.
Take ownership of customer issues, provide prompt and accurate feedback to customers and see problems through to resolution.
Effectively communicate complex technical issues to customers and elevate unknown or undocumented issues to Subject Matter Experts and Senior Technical Support Engineers, providing detail description of problems along with steps taken to analyze the problems
You are the ideal candidate if you:
have fluent French or German language skills (both written and verbal)
have strong English language skills (written and verbal)
have minimum 1- 2 years customer support experience
are resourceful team player with strong interpersonal skills
are result-oriented with strong problem-solving skills
Good knowledge of Windows/MAC OS with the ability to carry out root cause analysis
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office products, local and hosted
Ability to troubleshoot and configure peripheral devices - (Printers, Scanners, iPad, Smart Phones)
Maintain technical knowledge to keep up with changes in technology
What our client offers:
Good team spirit in a small multinational environment
Competitive salary package
Modern office environment in the 13th district, near to M3 metro station
Regular home office opportunity
There are no various shifts, service hours are between 9 am – 6 pm CET.
What you need to do now:
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' and attach your English resume to us.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
German or French speaking Application Support Analyst 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 03.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 German/French speaking Application Support Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Application Support Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Intermediate Application Security Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Enterprise Technical Support Specialist 
 Budapest  
 FRENCH IT SERVICE DESK ANALYST 
 Budapest  
