Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
Our Client is a leader in one of the fastest and biggest sectors of entertainment - mobile games. Their goal is to improve and change the mobile games industry forever. They help game developers and distribution channels generate more revenue from games by expanding their reach and distribution. 
You’ll be part of our efficient, technology obsessed, and collaborative Platform Engineering team where you will be designing, building and maintaining solutions that extend our AWS cloud-based platform with new features. As part of the role, you’ll have the opportunity to dive deep into all parts of our platform and participate in our journey to build a strong foundation for all of services and technology solutions.
We’re now looking for an enthusiastic and experienced individual to join their team in Budapest, Hungary. You’ll be part of a distributed remote team with a strong culture of openness, transparency, and kindness. You’ll have the opportunity to closely work with and learn from experienced senior team members on a daily basis. They’re a cross-functional team that combines areas of backend Software Engineering and infrastructure Ops/DevOps.
Key activities
Research, design, build, improve, and automate the next iteration of the Flexion platform
Improve the developer experience of their product development teams by providing a streamlined set of tools, standards, and processes for application development, continuous integration, development environments
Build robust, scalable, easy-to-use and easy-to-understand platform solutions used by other software developers in their daily work
Implement performance improvements and optimizations of critical parts of their services
Take a key role in migrating remaining functionalities from monolithic application setup to microservices design and deployment
Create highly scalable software solutions for serving tens of millions daily request from across the whole world
                Elvárások / Requirements
Skills that drive success in this role
Java, clean coding skills. Some of our most impactful changes are done on the software backend side of the services that we run and we use Java even for the automation of our platform itself.
Spring Boot. We provide standardised service setup to other dev teams and this industry standard framework is an integral part of it.
Unix/Linux/Bash. Managing virtual servers and related virtual cloud infrastructure is at the core of what they do.
Docker, application containerization. A docker container is our standard unit of deployment.
SQL, MySQL. They manage and provide various data storage services to other dev teams, SQL databases are one of the main technologies in this area.
Kubernetes, Helm. They continue migrating more of their services into our cluster environment where deployment and other usual tasks are fully automated.
Ability to decompose problems and changes into small incremental steps. They use agile approaches to software development, and platform is no exception. They aim to deliver changes and results in small and safe incremental changes.
A critical mindset and a strong problem-solving ability. We work with complex systems using complex technologies and they rarely see the same problem twice.
Balancing autonomous work with clear communication with peers. Every team member has the opportunity to fully own and drive their own projects, but they don’t work alone. Peers are always available to provide feedback and discuss possible approaches.
Additional skills useful in this role
JUnit/TestNG
CI/CD pipelines, Jenkins, Git
GitOps (Flux)
IaaS platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure, ...)
Further requirements
Educated to degree level in computer science or related discipline, or relevant experience in the field
5+ years of experience in software development or Ops/DevOps
Ability to visit our office in Budapest on an ad-hoc/monthly/weekly basis
Professional working proficiency in English
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
A wide range of learning opportunities. They work in many different areas, and even their most senior members never stop learning new technologies and approaches. They learn from each other and they join courses online and on-site. Their team members have various certifications acquired through and funded by the company.
Support from a number of domain experts. Members of the team are experts in many different areas, so you will always have someone to turn to for help.
A clear set of priorities, plans, and strategies. You will always know how you can best contribute to the success of the team, the company, and their customers.
A culture of transparency and kindness. They are a diverse company and they openly discuss our views and value everyone’s opinion.
Company share options
Company phone, company laptop
Visits to our London headquarters
Team events, gatherings, conferences
Private Medical Insurance
Travel reimbursement
Java Software Engineer (in Platform Engineering) 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 02.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 DevOps Engineer in Platform Engineering 
 Budapest  
 Lead Software Engineer (Java) 
 Budapest  
 Java Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Java Developer 
 Budapest  
 Software Engineer (Angular/JS/Java) 
 Budapest  
