Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Enterprise Technical Support Specialist 
Our client offers hybrid work opportunity (1-2 days per week in regular office).
Office location: Budapest
What you will do:
Our client is a U.S.-owned intelligent automation software provider with 200 co-workers in Hungary. We have an international team who provides enterprise-level technical support of our software products – the team members are located in various places in Europe.
The Technical Support Engineer is responsible for providing business critical technical support to partners, highly-skilled customers, IT and functional staff, including Database Administrators, System Administrators, IT Managers and Directors, line-of-business Managers and Financial Controllers.
In addition, the position requires frequent interaction with Product Development and Consulting Services, to deliver complete, comprehensive solutions and constant software and process improvement.  In this role you will be providing telephone and/or Web based support for software products.
Key Responsibilities:
Take ownership of customer issues and see problems through to resolution and provide enterprise level technical support to our customers via phone, web, and email and other support channels as required.
Research, diagnose, troubleshoot and identify solutions to resolve customer issues related to application use, design and configuration.
Effectively communicate complex technical issues to a broad range of customers and departments within the company, such as product management, software engineering, sales, and quality assurance.
Mentor junior colleagues in your technical support domain
Elevate customer issues to senior support engineers as needed, providing detail description of problems along with steps taken to analyze the problem.
Use approved protocol to communicate with Development engineers on the analysis of software issues.
Elevate hot fix requests to support managers for processing based on approved protocol.
Participate in regular support team meetings.
Contribute to the body of knowledge by creating and maintaining knowledge base articles and other technical documents.
Prepare test systems for replication of user issues. 
What you need to have:
Minimum of 2 to 5 years providing enterprise level technical support experience – best option is that you have already supported internal stakeholders.
Experience with network trouble shooting in an enterprise environment.
Experience with network software diagnostic tools, such as Wireshark.
Familiarity with Windows diagnostic tools, such as Process Monitor and Event Viewer.
Knowledge of and experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint).
Fluent English language skills both written and verbal
A bachelor's degree in computer science, computer information systems or related experience is considered as advantage
Resourceful team player with strong interpersonal skills.
Result-oriented with strong problem-solving skills.
Desired Skills and Knowledge considered as plus:
Multifunction Printers
Mobile Device Support
Windows Server Operating Systems
Microsoft SharePoint
Microsoft IIS
SQL
Azure
VMWare
Load Balancing
Proprietary Software Support
Are you interested?
Please apply and send us your CV and we will contact you soon for a discussion!
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Enterprise Technical Support Specialist 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 01.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 German/French speaking Application Support Analyst 
 Budapest  
 German or French speaking Application Support Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Processing Support Specialist 
 Budapest  
 Technical Support Engineer - Junior Java Developer 
 Budapest  
 Technical Security Engineer 
 Budapest  
