Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Front End engineer  
Your new company
When you join to our partner you join a multicultural and diverse community working across more than 600 schools and offices in 50 countries, all with one shared mission of opening the world through education. Whoever you are, whatever you are passionate about—they welcome you and want you to bring that to work every day. Our partner is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and they are committed to inclusion and belonging across race, ethnicity, gender, age, religion, caste, parental status, identity, experience and everything else that makes you unique.
Your new role
Our partner is looking for talented front-end engineers to help build their ground up transformation of all their systems, from marketing websites to customer facing web applications. You will be part of a young multi-national team with other front-end developers, back-end developers, project managers, and designers. Our partner is looking for developers who love the front-end and cares about the UX but are open to trying new technologies and languages. 
What you'll need to succeed
You have at least 4+ years of working experience with front-end 
You can write code that is easy to understand and maintain. 
You understand concepts of performance, accessibility and responsive design 
You have extensive experience with semantic HTML5 and CSS3 ( pre-processors like Sass and frameworks). 
You have extensive experience with JavaScript and Typescript 
You have experience with React js 
You are familiar with front-end state management libraries like Recoiljs, Redux or Mobx. 
You have experience working with APIs (WebServices, REST, GraphQL) 
You are familiar with front-end bundling and task running tools, such as Webpack or Rollup.js 
You are familiar with Unit Testing 
You strive to constantly evolve as a developer. 
You have great attention to detail. 
You are a creative problem solver with high standards of quality and a drive for excellence.
Among your key responsibilities, you will be:
Creating react components which can be used across all our websites to create a consistent look and feel. 
Building consumer facing web applications. 
Contributing to team dynamic of rapid development and deployment. 
Mentor junior developers to help them produce help quality components.
What you'll get in return
 Competitive Salary
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Front End engineer  
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 28.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Software Engineer Front-end 
 Budapest  
 Senior Software Engineer – Full-stack/Mobile 
 Budapest  
 Front-End Developer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 IAM Engineer 
 Budapest  
