Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Cloud Analyzer Specialit 
Your new company
Mobile networks are the core to accelerating digital transformation and building our connected IoT society where everything that can be connected will be connected. These networks not only handle huge amounts of data but also generate tremendous performance and log data that allows advanced ML automation techniques to optimize their complex operation. It’s mission is pursuing data-driven operations boosted by AI on the latest Cloud technologies to improve customer experience. In our unit, we collect, ingest, and archive data from it's customers' networks all over the world. For more information on our presence and activities in Hungary, please visit Areas in Hungary.
Your new role
Work for the Network Support Service, taking an active role in data-driven fault isolation in Cloud environments.
Integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structures for localizing errors and incidents in Cloud-based networks
Support/assist the customers with initial Network Support Service deployment using the combination of product knowledge, solution-level expertise, and data-driven support capabilities.
Work in a DevOps team: support engineers in troubleshooting and creating new rules in the fault isolation expert system
Collaborate, and communicate in an international environment, both with colleagues internally as well as customers and suppliers of the company.
You may have the opportunity to travel internationally and work in different cultural environments.
What you'll need to succeed
Deep knowledge of Unix/Linux and IP Technologies
Experience with Docker/Kubernetes
Scripting capabilities - as a minimum bash(shell) and Python.
Practical knowledge of Cloud platforms (RH, Azure, AWS), willingness to gain a deeper understanding of the field
Communications/presentation skills
A good sense for solving problems and an analytical approach
Customer handling attitude
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Cloud Analyzer Specialit 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 04.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Lead Developer IoT Cloud 
 Budapest  
 Cloud Data Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Senior Azure Cloud Architect 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer IoT Cloud 
 Budapest  
 Cloud Engineer (Azure) 
 Budapest  
