Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
Aegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, UK and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil and Iberia and an Asset Management organization with locations in UK, US, NL and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, we foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. We are a people business, and we recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. We value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
On a day-to-day basis, this position will perform responsibilities such as some or all the following:
Office 365 Security and Governance documentation
Tenant Security Design
Office 365 Security Design
Email Security Design
Power Platform Design
Implements and manages security and compliance controls within Microsoft 365 (M365).
Implements and manages information protection within M365 to adhere to corporate DLP (Data Loss Prevention) policies.
Working through PIA requests – OneTrust
Any requests that come from Security and Compliance Team
Security team does not have full access to Office 365 services and this responsibility would hold the permissions to run reports and work a long Security team during a SOC event.
Support forensic investigations
Detect, investigate, and take action on critical risks in your organization, including data theft, data leaks, and security policy violations.
Understanding the Retention\Deletion\Label policies
Work with BIGid Project Team to understand and align both teams roadmaps
Understanding the work being done in the Microsoft Defender
Own Microsoft 365/Office 365 documentation that sits in the BDR site
Update OneTrust Office 365 Services
PIA requests
Understanding E-Discovery
Help push cleanup of ShareFile dormant accounts
Manage - Service Now - Application IT Compliance Data for the Office 365 services
Assistance with Managing Risks related to Security and Compliance
                Elvárások / Requirements
Qualifications and Skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent knowledge in information technology or risk management/controls
Excellent communication skills in writing and communication information in a clear, concise manner.
Proven analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills 
Preferred Qualifications:
An understanding of Microsoft Security technologies
Candidates should possess a working knowledge of Office 365 Services including Microsoft Purview
Subject Matter Expertise in Security, Compliance, and Management including the compliance aspects of managed services.
Deep knowledge of compliance certifications (ISO, SOC, FedRAMP, HIPAA, DFARS)
Enhanced decision making and problem-solving skills.
Reliable level of interpersonal and communication skills and demonstrate a self-driven, proactive work ethic.
Capacity to stay committed to the task even during times of frequent change or information delays.
Four-year Computer Science or related degree or equivalent work experience.
Must be a self-starter and can work independently or as part of a team
Select, manage, and lead discussions with customers to ensure that compliance obligations are understood and achievable in the Office 365 Services
Provide subject matter expertise to business unit data privacy officers with the understanding of various compliance obligations, and working with them to develop roadmaps to achieve these compliance requirements.
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
Brand new office at an excellent location
Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
O365 Privacy/Compliance Engineer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 27.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Senior DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Project Security & Privacy Manager 
 Budapest  
 Intermediate Application Security Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Technical Security Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Senior Red Team Operations & Penetration Testing Analyst 
 Budapest  
