Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Azure Solution Architect - Amsterdam, Netherlands (on-site) 
Job Description
Scope:
The design and communication of end-to-end solutions to enable and guide the design and development of integrated solutions across multiple platforms that meet current and future business needs.
Requirements
Professional qualifications
BCS, TOGAF, SWEBOK or other equivalent and valid architecture certificates
Relevant professional qualifications in designing cloud-based solutions (e.g. Azure, PowerApps Portal, MS Dynamics 365, MS SharePointOnline)
Role-specific experience:
Proven record in designing and delivering end-to-end business solutions implemented across multiple components, platforms and technologies (both cloud and on-prem);
Experience using agile software development methodologies (i.e. Kanban, Scrum and other lean techniques);
Strong knowledge Microsoft cloud technologies (Microsoft Dynamics Portals, Microsoft SharePointOnline
Experience in working with Azure DevOps or JIRA SDLC is desired
Role-specific skills, competencies & responsibilities
Lead the creation and review of an end-to-end domain architecture and processes to support the strategic requirements of the business. Identify the business benefits of alternative strategies.
Ensure compliance between business strategies, enterprise architecture and technology directions, setting strategies, policies, standards and practices.
Develop and present business cases, for high-level initiatives and approvals.
Create and communicate multiple design views to identify and balance the concerns of all stakeholders of the domain design and to allow for both functional and non-functional requirements. Identify and evaluates alternative design options and trade-offs.
Ensure that domain architecture decisions are justified and documented. Assess and manage associated risks.
Ensure that platforms and components selected for delivery of a domain specific solution are integrated to achieve domain objectives.
Provide effort / cost estimates and work breakdown structure.
Present domain architecture to governance bodies, address resulting architectural actions and participate in the overall IT governance structures.
Collaborates strongly with EMA architects in developing the solution, by applying the EMA architectural principles
Partner with Platform Architects from the Strategic Platforms (I-SP) department in order to assess and optimise domain functional requirements and augment with technical requirements from the platform architecture.
Partner with the Enterprise Architect from the CIO Office to ensure that the domain architecture fits into the broader enterprise architecture.
Contribute to solutions testing and identify potential improvements to the domain solution, processes and to the strategic platforms according to agreed designs/requirements;
Collaborates with Business Analysis function in identifying and preventing risks from the requirements gathering phase and all through the lifecycle of the solution
Supports continuous knowledge transfer to team members and transparent approach in sharing risks/issues/dependencies
Autonomous in managing activities based on priorities given by the Project Manager
Reports outcome of testing through the JIRA SDLC tool
Identifies potential improvements to the process and to the software products according to agreed designs/requirements;
Experience working with key users in a fast paced and changing business environment to design and develop software that meets business need;
Experience of the full development lifecycle of complex large scale and multi-user applications;
Production of the relevant technical documentation, such as system designs, class designs and documentation for the support team;
Capacity to assist the support team in training the users of the system;
A strong technical background, specifically the delivery of complex software systems;
Knowledge in IT Service Management and/or Risk frameworks, and/or international standards.
Benefits
Daily rate: 500 EUR / day
Duration: 2-year contract B2B (Freelance)
Application deadline: ASAP
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Azure Solution Architect - Amsterdam, Netherlands (on-site) 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Jobmarketing Kft 
AmszterdamÉszak-HollandHollandia 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 27.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Data and AI Solution Architect 
 Budapest  
 Senior Azure Architect 
 Budapest  
 Senior Azure Cloud Architect 
 Budapest  
 Senior Azure Architect 
 Budapest  
 Principal Engineer, Full Stack Architect 
 Budapest  
