Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Scrum Master (Budapest)
Scrum Master (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - felsőfokú
With over 200 years of experience in industry and cutting-edge technologies thyssenkrupp is active in automotive engineering, logistics, plant technology, steel production and much more. Our group have more than 106,000 employees in nearly 80 countries and annual sales of €42 billion.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive. 
Scrum Master
Leírás
The Scrum Master supports our development teams. You are responsible for developing and enhancing our existing Agile framework and for ensuring that each team member follows this framework. You make sure everyone knows their role and helps coach them through any unclear parts while also guiding larger teams using this method effectively.
Consulting with the team members
Work closely with the assigned Agile teams and increase their effectiveness
Improving the functioning of teams by presenting, understanding and adapting different methodologies and tools
Participates in skill development and attitude formation
Facilitating ceremonies defined by the Agile framework (e.g. sprint planning, sprint review, retrospective)
Keep trainings on Agile principles, methodologies and tools
Help team members to develop their communication skills. Help to understand individual methods and tools and to manage conflicts
Finds the best methods and tools and incorporates them into the daily work
Supporting the development team to remove their blockers
Supporting the management in the identification of improvement opportunities and in the implementation of new methodologies and processes
Skills:
Bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, or a relevant field preferred
In-depth knowledge and practical application of Agile Principles
Experience in using Agile Lifecycle Management tools (preferably JIRA)
Experience in creating training materials and conducting trainings
3+ years of experience in Scrum Master / Agile Coach
Fluent English in spoken and written
Leadership skills:
Always communicate in a transparent and authentic way
Determining and managing tasks, issues, risks, and action items
Scheduling and moderating events, meetings, and decision-making processes
Monitoring progress and performance and helping teams to make improvements
Preparing and presenting status reports to stakeholders
Actively involved in the development of the corporate culture and mindset change
Personality:
Good problem-solving and conflict management skills
Proactivity
Open to new things / technologies
Active attention, empathy
Result oriented and practical thinking
Strong interpersonal, networking, communication and facilitation skills
Efficient, independent and team oriented form of work
Offers:
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Műszaki projektkoordinátor diákmunka
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver projektvezető
Hays Hungary Kft. -
DevOps Engineer - Windows
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Projektkoordinátor
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
