Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Security Tech Specialist (Magyarország)
Security Tech Specialist (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Security Tech Specialist
What you'll be doing:
Demonstrate expert level knowledge of network security designs. Ensure the designs are fulfill the customer's expectations and align with the current security principals.
Provide technical leadership for security related technologies, serving as the lead technical resource.
Work with the Customers to better understand the requirements for the planned implementations. Displays excellent Customer facing skills, as working directly with external partners.
Manage multiple project’s and various teams including implementation, project management and operation, to delivery the tasks on time and with minimal impact to the Customer’s business.
The engineer will be expected to gain knowledge and experience in other network security technologies. Maintain a very good understanding of key products – Keep relevant certifications up to date, attending product and technology seminars and briefings.
Be familiar with the most up to date security technologies and best practicies.
Design and Implement complex security solutions in the customer's environment.
Produce the LLD/HLD documents and implementing solution are one of the key responsibilities
Home office is available in this role depending on further agreement
This role will suit you if you have the following skills:
Soft skills:
Ability to meet the customers’ needs in line with the business requirements
Working with a cooperative and positive attitude in a group setting to achieve common goals is an advantage
Communicating effectively and efficiently while adapting to your audience and getting the message through as intended
Ability to comprehend and to oversee various aspects of a problem or a situation
Taking the responsibility and taking care of the consequences of making a decision
Using all data and information available to analyse and understand a situation, with the aim of supporting decisions is an advantage
Proven experience in delivering effective and engaging presentations to a variety of audiences
Focusing on all aspects and details of a task and delivering your output with a high level of accuracy
Ability to find root causes of problems and to focus on their quick and efficient solution is an advantage
Professional skills:
Experience of the minimum two of vendor skills: Cisco, PaloAlto and Prisma, Fortinet, F5 LTM/GTM , Cloud
Experience designing and deploying network and security services for large organizations
Knowledge of IP networking and security related technologies
Any Security related certifications (Cloud, Cisco,Palo Alto , Prisma Fortinet, F5)
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Thyssenkrupp -
Rendszertervező mérnök (Veszprém)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Thyssenkrupp -
Control System Engineer (Debrecen)
HumanField Kft. -
MINŐSÉGÜGYI RENDSZERMÉRNÖK
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
