Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Java Developer (Budapest)
Java Developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Java Developer
You will be responsible for:
Designing, implementing and testing new functionalities
Maintain the current system
Keeping contact and cooperating with teams located in Hungary and in Germany, ensure smooth and active communication with co-workers and associated partners
You will deal with the following technologies, tools and frameworks:
Java 8
Spring framework (Spring Boot, Spring Data, Spring Security, Spring Integration, Spring Cloud)
RESTful services
Microservices
Oracle, PostgreSQL, SQL
Hibernate
Maven, Git
Jira, Confluence
Docker
Our global Client is looking for their new Java Developer colleague who can take part in designing common modules for various products which provide optimal support for airlines! 
By joining one of their teams you will have a possibility to use a wide range of Java technologies and to work together with German and Hungarian teams.
You will be successful if you have:
Practical experience in design and development in Java applications (at least 3 years)
Good Object Oriented Programming and Design skills
Good knowledge of English both spoken and written
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Have professional experience in working with the technology stack
Like working on projects with high responsibility
Have solution-focused approach
What are the benefits of joining Our Partner as an employee?
Even when you work hard, you will still have time for your personal life: their flexible working hours based on core time, the exact observance of the designated number of working hours and the benefits that can be extended to cover your family you can also improve your non-working life!
They have long-term plans for you! They have carefully designed career paths (and a career management system), they provide the appropriate training courses and projects to accomplish your aims.
Their community is characterized by mutual respect and an attitude of helpfulness. This high professional quality level and the colorful personalities will help you spend your everyday life in a good mood, why you make the best of your skills and talents.
In addition to an inclusive and helpful atmosphere, trust is also an important value for the company. You can rely on Our Partner with anything right from your first day.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Java full-stack developer (with DevOps)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Mobilfejlesztő
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
PHP backend fejlesztő - Telco szektor - 11. ker, Remote munkavégzés!
Cinemo GmbH -
Android Application Engineer (f/m/d)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Principal Engineer, Full Stack Architect
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
