Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Data Engineer (Magyarország)
Data Engineer (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
Marketing, PR, média
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - felsőfokú
Data Engineer
Your new company
Market leading automotive company is looking for an aspiring Data Engineer to work on international projects, on the field of advanced analytics and machine learning.
Your new role
Supporting data pipeline creation and their operation with defining the necessary data formats for recording, transfer and storage.
Your main focus is data quality, performance, scalability, and sustainability of the team’s solutions.
Supporting the design of conceptual and logical data models together with business experts.
Initiate open discussions, provide clear communication and answers with your data, deliver results according to project timelines and quality expectations, and create/present reports.
Continuous improvement of analytic workflows regarding performance based on user feedback.
Collaborate and share methodologies actively with your internal and external partners and business requirements in manufacturing and technology development.
What you'll need to succeed
BSc/MSc/PhD in computer science / (business) informatics, physics or comparable with min. 2 years of professional experience.
High level of proficiency implementing Azure data solutions, provisioning storage account, SQL Server Warehouse, designing relational and non-relational data stores.
Significant experience in designing and building ETL/ELT pipelines and resilient distributed systems.
Advanced Python is required, knowledge of C#/C++, LabView or any other high level programming language is plus.
Solid understanding of data warehousing concepts including the common schema architectures, dimensions, facts, aggregate facts.
Language: Hungarian and fluent English is required, German is plus.
What gives you further advantages:
Create/develop tools, frameworks or production line applications to automatize and deploy the results processed by ML activities.
Knowledge of ML models and concepts.
Knowledge of automation engines (Jenkins), containers (Docker).
Knowledge of major DevOps tools, version control (Bitbucket/GitHub).
What you'll get in return
Competitive salary
Cafeteria
Annual bonus
Felxible home office
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Senior Strategy Analyst for Controls & Digitalization
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Process and Service Management (REF1237Q)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Release Manager (REF1582W)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Quality and Process Manager (REF1572Q)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
AP Team Leader
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
