Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Technical Service Manager (Budapest)
Technical Service Manager (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Our Partner is a Chinese car manufacturer company with a very classy place in the number of Fortune 500 companies. Besides car manufacturing, they also focus on research and development and  commercial activity of cars and commercial vehicles. They put great emphasis on application of alternative energy sources, intelligent vehicle technology and modernization of industrial methods. 
The company brought its CEE regional centre into Hungary and sales activity will be led from here. We are looking for a technical service manager for the Hungarian team, who will keep in touch with both the center and the distributors and develop a new system for warranty-related issues that will serve as a basis for the future.
Technical Service Manager
Tasks
Technical support for distributors
Establish local technical regulation,
COP test and CO2 Data collation.
Provide online repair technical consultation and technical solution
On-site diagnostic or technical support for complicated cases
Keeping technical training for distributors
Support the HQ with Quality with the information
collection and analyze the technical problems of vehicle models in order to imrove the product quality.
Participate in the copmlaint handling, investigation and resolution of major crisis 
Prepare technical Bulletin or Linguistic verification of the car before releasing in Territory market
People management of technical service team members
Maintains professional appearance.
Requirements
Mechanical degree
10 years of working experience,  min. 5 years of experience in automotive aftersales parts business management
Fluent English and Hungarian knowledge 
Very good communication and negotiation skills, able to effectively communicate with professionals in different cultures 
It is important to be proactive, to have initiatives and work well on your own 
Creative thinking in order to find efficient, customer oriented after sales/waranty solutions 
High level of flexibility 
Strong teamwork spirit 
Willingness to travel on a weekly basis
Offers
Competitive package (salary, bonus, cafeteria, company car with private allowance, company tools)
Contribution to a newly forming brand, forming processes and structures
Start-up atmosphere , innovative environment with constant developments, new technologies
Workplace
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
German Service Desk Representative
Nemzetbiztonsági Szakszolgálat -
Operátor
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Operator 7X24
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Application Support Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Head of Internal IT – Service HUB Owner (REF1425U)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
