Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Audit and Compliance Engineer (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF758X (Budapest)
Audit and Compliance Engineer (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF758X (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees.
The Open Telekom Cloud (OTC) offers Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) from the public cloud. Companies of all sizes and in all industries can obtain computing resources flexibly at the push of a button and benefit from all the advantages of a public cloud environment. We develop, market, and operate agile, cloud-native products and services for the digital world. We see ourselves as innovation drivers and make our customers' business fit for the digital future. We are measured by delivering a secure, stable, and innovative platform. We work jointly with our platform partner and other partners out of the OpenStack ecosystem to create a highly innovative public cloud product based on European security and data protection standards.
Audit and Compliance Engineer (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF758X
Your Team
Audit & Compliance Team is ensuring that the compliance requirements and data protection laws are audited and adhered to for the whole OTC.
Together with the Central Audit departments and other stakeholders, we are aiming to create a unified and efficient audit process that serves the agile approach as well as the audit requirements. 
We are always up-to-date with the latest developments in the field of Security & Cloud field and guide others with that knowledge.
We prepare comprehensive quality reports by collecting, interpreting, analyzing, summarizing data, and making recommendations.
Your Tasks
Prepare and be part of internal/external audits of a cloud platform within a dedicated team of specialists.
Ensure the compliance requirements for various IT audits.
Create and map requirements catalogs of different standards.
Be a trusted advisor of cross-functional teams for information and IT security during various audits of the platform.
Answer audit questions from stakeholders like auditors, customers, and central departments.
Bring technical knowledge to stakeholders to fill out compliance gaps.
Escalate risks and issues for resolution as appropriate.
Your qualifications
Completed studies in IT, or comparable IT engineering/system administration experience (3+years experience)
Previous experience within IT service company (ideally in delivery/operations) is a plus
Knowledge of Linux is essential, good understanding of cloud environment is desirable
Experience with risk management is a big advantage
Hands-on solution-driven experience with IT audits or certifications, such as:
ISO27001;
ISAE3402/3000;
SOC1, SOC2, C5;
Good communication skills, experience in cooperation with other teams is beneficial
Experience in requirements engineering incl. creating and mapping requirements catalogs of different standards.
Knowledge of software security concepts and data protection rules.
Fluency in written and spoken English.
Advantages
Fluency in written and spoken German. 
Experience with Public Clouds.
Scrum, DevOps know-how.
Experience with Jira/Confluence.
Additional Information
Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulations.
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
BKV Zrt. -
IT kontroller
BKV Zrt. -
Gazdasági szakértő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Solution Engineer (GitOps) (REF1597A)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
