Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceApplication Administrator  Можливість для людей з України
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Application AdministratorDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAre you looking for a new opportunity to expand your horizon in IT field? Then read to learn more about our Application Administrator role.
Purpose
Check, solve, execute (where appropriate), and create tickets (incident, problem, change management tickets), in order to maintain service to customers according to given quality KPIs.
Key accountabilities
•	Operative interface between Service Delivery Management, customer, developer, Vendors and other delivery units
•	Check, solve, execute (where appropriate), and create tickets (incident, problem, change management tickets), in order to maintain service to customers according to given quality KPIs.
•	Plans, controls and is responsible for complete application-based request fulfilment.
•	Coordinates incident, problem, change, escalation management and operational documentation
•	Coordinates customer-driven and / or technical changes during service lifecycle
•	Coordinates change  approval in face of all Change Advisory Boards
Job specific accountabilities
•	Functionally steers whole service chain for small and medium applications/services
•	Independently executes standard tickets to provide service according to KPIs.
•	Supports Junior Administrators to spread knowledge level in the team and develop their skills.
•	Support project and other deliverables in order to fulfil KPIs and management requests
•	Supports and consults Service Delivery Management during order and pre-sales process Wage (gross)1 000 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1000 € /brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) or German - Upper intermediate (B2)The position is suitable for a fresh graduateYesPersonality requirements and skillsIf you find yourself at least in some of following areas, don´t hesitate to apply!
Experience
•	Minimum 2 years
Certifications
•	LPIC 1 Linux certification advantage
IT Technical Skills
•	Linux - Expert
•	Scripting (bash/python) - Intermediate
•	IT/PC literacy - Expert
•	HW/SW overview - Advanced
•	Core platform knowledge - Advanced
•	ITIL knowledge - Basic
•	Technical overview in neighboring areas: Databases, Middleware, Network, Storage, Back up - Basic
Soft skills
•	Communication
•	Analytical thinking
•	Team cooperation
•	Presentation
•	Training and mentoring
Other Skills
•	Project management Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Iveta PribulováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4530751 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  30.3.2023 
    2023-03-30
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: iOS Developer, IT Network Administrator, IT System Administrator, Systems Administrator, Systems Engineer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
