Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Java Developer 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Senior Java DeveloperDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            040 11 Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesPurpose
Software Developer works within SCRUM team, to develop, design and implement of new or modified software products or ongoing business projects. Target of development is automation of business processes and cross platform automation. Holder of the position handles all phases of software development lifecycle, especially for small or midsize solutions. Follow agreed methodology steps and rituals and take responsibility for produced code to independently deliver functional solution with team. Share knowledge with less experience colleagues. Document and share best practices. Constantly work on self-development and follow industry trends.
Key accountabilities
    • Development of the complex IT systems/applications
    • Analysis of the requirements and communication with internal stakeholders
    • Use agreed programing language or tools to develop automation solutions.
    • Development according to Agile methodology – SCRUM
    • Creation of technical documentation
    • Creative approach within complex solution and technology used
    • Active participation on research & development projects
    • Work closely with other developers, UX designers, business and systems analysts on implementation and testing of the developed solution
    • Train users Wage (gross)2 700 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2,700€ /brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Personality requirements and skillsQualifications
Requirements:
    • Agile Methods
    • Application Development (Object-Oriented)
    • Programming
    • Software Development
    • Scrum
    • SAFe
    • Several years of experience working in IT industry
    • Advanced experience with programming and application design
    • Intermediate SQL knowledge
    • Good skills in integrating systems and applications
    • Good experience with VCS and building tools
    • Good understanding of Cloud systems, DevOps concepts and tooling
    • Ability to work both individually and in team
    • Willingness to learn and teach new technologies
    • Being self-motivated and organized
    • Solid communication skills (oral and written), and willingness to develop them further
    • Experience communicating directly with customer
    • Good understanding of IT infrastructure at different layers, like hardware, software, operating systems, middleware, networking
Additional requirements for JAVA developer: 
    • Good knowledge of Java SE (Java 8 and newer), including OOP principles and design patterns
    • Good experience with Spring or Spring boot or Enterprise JavaBeans
    • Good experience with JPA-based frameworks
    • Good experience with REST or SOAP
    • Good experience with VCS and building tools (preferably git and maven)
Languages:
    • English- Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Dragomir Catalin-FlorianE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4528359 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  28.3.2023 
    2023-03-28
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 700 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
