Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceIT Test Specialist  Можливість для людей з України
                        Back to open positions
About PwC
Students and graduates
Experienced candidates
Mothers
Benefits
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 1 350 EUR/monthBased on the candidate's seniority, we are open to discuss salary options individually.
IT Test SpecialistJob description, responsibilities and dutiesOur Advanced Technology Solution (ATS) team is a group of professionals, who are creating smart solutions for our customers all over the world. They deal with business process management, robotics process automation, web development, testing but also artificial intelligence. 
Become part of our ambitious team as IT Test Specialist
You'll be part of the team creating solutions for process optimization and automation in Appian or Pega, and. No need to worry if you don't have experience with the fast-growing technologies – we'll teach you!  You will also get to test applications written in Java, Javascript, or Python. 
We have plenty of opportunities for you to explore and grow, plus we'll make sure you're constantly learning and challenged by interesting projects. Come join us for a truly rewarding experience!
What is waiting for you? 
- work in an agile environment, mostly scrum - functional sprint testing, test execution, test planning, test data preparation, test case design, test summary report etc.
- various testing tools such as Selenium (Python, Java), Cypress, JMeter, Postman
- BDD approach for creating test cases (Gherkin syntax)
- quality assurance of configurations made by the development team
- planning and performing testing of solutions to ensure the quality deliverable
- reporting on results of quality activities
- cooperation with other team members, business analyst, developers, product owners
- possibility to understand the whole “software life cycle” - analysis, design, implementation, test, go-live, post-go live maintenance.
Tools you will be using on this position:
- test automation tools - Selenium, Cypress
- API testing - Ready API, Postman
- SQL developer, PERF testing tools (LoadRunner, JMeter)
To become our colleague you don't need to have a great deal of experience with all the tools we use. We have created a QA Learning Program which will help you develop, track and improve your skills so that you can reach your full potential. Through this program, we can provide guidance and support to ensure you are able to reach the desired level of expertise. Employee perks, benefitshybrid working policy: flexible work time and home office;
regular salary increase and performance bonus;
friendly and enthusiastic environment at work;
meal contribution and Multi-sport card;
we appreciate your extra work, every minute counts;
sick days and additional days off for Christmas;
cafeteria system;
opportunity to develop your career in a team of international experts;
internal learning platform and external trainings;
participation in international Technology Summits and events;
occasional travel to work on international assignments across Europe;
“be well, work well program” - human dynamic advisory, workshops for mental health topics, social events and activities, vouchers for activities. Personality requirements and skills- university degree in IT or technical field,
- basic knowledge of databases and IT skills, 
- familiar with testing principles, 
- strong communication skills - English language B2
- enthusiasm to learn new things,
- analytical thinking
- experience with agile methodology and test management tools - Jira, Azure (Zephyr, Xray) - would be an advantage
- ISTQB foundation level is an advantage Information about the selection processData privacy announcement you can find here: https://pwc.to/2s8n2tn
If interested fill up application formulary for position IT Test Specialist.
If the current position is not the right fit for you, but you know someone who would be interested in working with us, feel free to point them in our direction. In case that we start cooperation with your recommended candidate, you can receive a referral bonus from 300 to 1,000 EUR, depending on the seniority of the candidate.
https://www.pwc.com/sk/sk/kariera/prihlaska-referral-bonus.htmlContactContact person: Jozef KošíkE-mail: 
Send CV
Back to open positions
Twin City Business Centre AKaradžičova 2
815 32 Bratislava
Slovensko
Tel.: +421 2 59 350 111
Fax: +421 2 59 350 222
Protifašistických bojovníkov 11
815 32 Košice
Slovensko
Tel.: +421 2 59 350 111
Fax: +421 2 59 350 222
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4546876 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  27.3.2023 
    2023-03-27
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Consultant, IT Tester, IT/Technical Support Specialist, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: PwC   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 350 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
