Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceExperienced/Senior DevOps Engineers for our 2 clients. 
Experienced/Senior DevOps Engineers for our 2 clients.NESS KE, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/monthfrom 2500 € gross plus Benefits, the FINAL OFFER depends on the candidate's skills and experience
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are searching for a DevOps Engineers to become a new valuable team member for our important European clients with long-lasting history on the market. 
★ 1st opportunity ★ 
SW DEVELOPMENT IN THE FIELD OF TELEMATICS
https://nesskosice.sk/telematics/
The company mainly specializes in the management of fleets and staff, and services in the area of asset monitoring.
Customers use the benefits of our customer products for the smooth running of their companies, cost-saving, and effective use of assets as well as for boosting the safe operation of their vehicle parks. Mobility experience is where Ness supports our client to bring high-quality and innovative solutions to his customers. We want to offer you the unique opportunity to collaborate on our joint success.
Techstack: AWS, Azure, Bash, Python, MongoDB, Scrum
Main responsibilities
- Administration and configuration of cloud environment 
- Deployment of new applications and development of monitoring programs
- Manage the existing environments, participate in release management, develop, and apply algorithms for monitoring of the existing environments.
- Design of the hosting environments for various applications and propose the best IT solutions 
★ 2nd opportunity ★ 
SW DEVELOPMENT IN THE FIELD OF UK PUBLIC TRANSPORT
https://nesskosice.sk/transportation/
Our client is the largest bus operator in the UK. Its fleet of more than 12,000 buses, operated by more than 40,000 employees, makes more than 650,000,000 journeys a year. The client’s subsidiaries in the USA and Canada are also of great importance for public transport. This company with a 40-year history is currently undergoing a digital transformation and is becoming an AWS-native company.
Techstack: AWS, Redshift DB, Airflow, Python, Terraform, Linux, Jenkins, Kanban
Main responsibilities
- Delivering and supporting integration pipelines and systems
- Creating infrastructure components 
- Developing systems for monitoring, alerting and measuring system performance
- Maintaining and improving the deployment pipelines
- Analyzing and supporting developer infrastructure Employee perks, benefits• Flexible working hours
• Home Office
• Extra Vacation days
• Homeoffice & Holiday allowance
• Relax rooms
• Multisport card
• Technical courses, Certifications
• Worldwide IT Conferences
• Commercial partners discounts
• Ness Summer club – full-day summer program for children of our employees
• Diners club credit card
• High-standard working conditions
• Geeky Fridays
• Massages Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Master's degree)Educational SpecializationITLanguage skillsEnglish - Intermediate (B1)Other knowledgeAmazon Web Services (AWS) - SkillfulPython - SkillfulBash - SkillfulJenkins - SkillfulDocker - SkillfulPersonality requirements and skills★ 1st Opportunity Job Details ★ 
Techstack: AWS, Azure, Bash, Python, MongoDB, Scrum
https://nesskosice.sk/devops-engineer-6/
★ 2nd Opportunity Job Details ★ 
Techstack: AWS, Redshift DB, Airflow, Python, Terraform, Linux, Jenkins, Kanban
https://nesskosice.sk/experienced-senior-devops-engineer/ Advertiser Brief description of the companyNess KDC was established in 2005 and is the flagship Software Delivery and Innovations Center of the Ness Digital Engineering corporation.
In the area of software engineering, it is our top-quality services, individual customer approach and ability to achieve targets which are most highly valued by our clients. Thanks to these, Ness Kosice enjoys long-term business relationships with its customers. Our teams of professionals first process and analyze client’s requirements; then, through cooperation with the client, they use the newest technology to fulfil these requirements in an “agile” environment.
Our glowing references and strong corporate background continuously attract the interest of new clients. As a result, Ness KDC is now one of the most important employers in the region with a workforce of more than 600 people. Number of employees500-999 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Michaela VilčekováTel.: +421911893043E-mail: 
 Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4519635 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  28.3.2023 
    2023-03-28
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, DevOps Engineer, ICT Specialist, IT/Technical Support Specialist, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: NESS KE, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
