Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Nuclear Verification & Validation / Test Engineer 
Framatome Controls s. r. o. – a wholly-owned subsidiary of Framatome S.A.S. – is providing engineering services, system solutions, projects, software support and related services for nuclear power plants all over the world. The company focuses mainly on software and hardware designs for automation technology, electrical systems design and support activities by commissioning of nuclear components and devices.About 60 employees of Framatome Controls s. r. o. in Bratislava are part of 14,000 Framatome´s employees family worldwide. Every day Framatome´s expertise helps its customers improve the safety and performance of their nuclear plants and achieve their economic and societal goals.
For our site in Bratislava we are looking for:
Senior Nuclear Verification & Validation / Test Engineer
Your role
Framatome Controls s. r. o. is continuing to develop and grow and will hire a further 20 people at its Bratislava site in 2023.In your role as Verification & Validation (V&V) Engineer Senior you will be a member of the local V&V team as a part of an international V&V team. Our V&V section is in charge of verification and validation of software and hardware of safety automation systems used on nuclear power plant. Our role is to check the technical correctness, completeness and consistency of design deliverables according to regulations required for nuclear power plants worldwide.As a V&V Engineer, you will have a project abroad assigned to you.In collaboration with an international small team, your missions will be : verification of technical correctness, completeness and consistency of design deliverables in any phase of the project, preparation of test plans and test procedures (development of test automation software and automatic test scripts), elaboration of change impact analysis of the design changes in relation with tests performance of test simulations (using software tools and simulators), test performance on Test Bay or during Commissioning Phase on the power plant analysis and presentation of test results (elaboration of test reports) and contribution to design and phase reviews reporting of the budget and schedule adherenceAfter developing the skills in different V&V activities there is a high potential to become a V&V team leader for a small team and a V&V system leader for all V&V activities.
Your profile
 University degree in Technical Engineering (Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics or Mechanical Engineering) Fluent technical English. Slovak is not mandatory Basic experience in Linux and usage of command line Basic experience with Python, C, C++ or other object-oriented programming language Knowledge about Instrumentation & Control Systems is an advantage Professional experience in the field of software testing, safety related system or any kind of simulation at least 3 years Elaboration of technical documents in English Experience with technical review of documents is an advantage Ability to learn by yourself supported by a know-how transfer, and share your knowledge Analytical mind: ability to identify, describe and resolve the problems, and to present clear information verbally and in written form Initiative spirit and creative spirit Technical rigorousness and focus on details Ability to take technical responsibilities, lead people and help them to grow professionally Desire to invest in yourself sustainably Willingness to travel for business trips (< 3 months)
We’re looking forward to receiving your application.
We offer:
                    Joining Framatome Controls s.r.o. means... The opportunity to work on exciting projects, Being part of a dynamic team, in a global and market-leading company, Having access to a wide range of professional and personal development opportunities: we will offer you on-the-job training and you will be accompanied by your manager and your team to develop your competencies. You will also have the possibility to develop specific skills by going on business trips to Germany or France or by going on expatriation within a power plant. You will also receive a language training allowance (English, French or German language).Financial rewards: Basic wage: starting from 1800 EUR gross/month* 13th month’s salary Yearly salary review Annual performance bonus Meal vouchers fully paid by the company You can benefit from a bonus for successful referral of new employee Business trips fully paid by the company, with larger mobility aidAnd because the well-being at work of our collaborators is essential for us: We will give you recognition for your work, We will take care of your work-life balance by offering flexible working time (freedom to choose when to start and end your work, between 6 AM and 8 PM, by respecting core hours from 9 AM to 3 PM) Possibility to work from home up to 3 days per week We also organize social programs: teambuilding, Christmas party... Free parking slots nearby (we are also accessible by tram line 4 - 25 minutes from Bratislava city center)*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions. The above mentioned basic wage is defined for candidates with junior experiences.Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Please send your CV in English  or questions about this position to Mathilde FRAYSSE
                E-mail: [email protected], Framatome Controls s. r. o., Vajnorská 137, 831 04 Bratislava
www.framatome.com
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4017935 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  29.3.2023 
    2023-03-29
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: C++ Programmer, Design Engineer, IC Design Engineer, IT Tester, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Framatome Controls s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
