Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceExperienced Frontend Engineer - Angular 
Experienced Frontend Engineer - AngularSuperScale s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/monthThe final amount will strongly depend on your seniority, experience and skills.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesOur StoryAt SuperScale we bring games and studios to their maximum potential. With our technology and solutions we bring our partners to the level of performance their product deserves. We help them attract and retain valuable, engaged and happy users, and scale games growth to unexpected heights.We are defining a new way of running games performance, and are the provider of choice for many of the leading games studios. If you play games, you have most likely played our clients games.We are also leading the world of gaming into one of their logical and exciting developments and helping games transition to a blockchain-centric world, where NFTs and crypto co-exist with proper, interesting and engaging gaming experiences.To continue our exponential growth we are bringing-in high performing and ambitious team players, whether an avid gamer or not (we’ll show you, there will be no way back): we are a B2B tech business above anything. We are enthusiastic and gung-ho  about games but super- serious about our clients-partners success.The RoleSuperScale is looking for a rockstar front-end engineer to join our R&D team. In R&D we build products that allow data scientists and game developers to process analytics data from their games, improve user-experience and optimize the game's revenue.Your Responsibilities Participate on development of new features and improvement of the UX of existing features Refactor code to improve maintainability and readability of the codebase Pixel perfect is good, usable is even better. The frontend is B2B, it doesn't have to be flashy, but has to be understandable We need you to tell us what to do, not he other way aroundWhat we like/use: Angular 9+, Typescript SCSS, PrimeNg Agile development - we set up our process ourselves Broken windows theory - we keep things clean Getting things done - we ship code often and refactor ruthlessly Employee perks, benefits Tasty and rich meals at your disposal every working day at the offices 5 sick days per year Gym and showers Table tennis and table football Bike room for those friendly to the environment Spacy terrace with a wonderful view to chill with colleagues Office or work from home + flexible hours*Some benefits might differ based on the country you work from. Information about the selection process- English CV is our strong preference. We will be happy if you could write a few words about yourself and your motivation to join us :) - no motivation letters are needed, simply write it in the body of your application/mail. If you are a SW Engineer, we'd love to see your work on Git.All interviews are done remotely via ZOOM during the pandemic. Our usual hiring process consists of 1-2 rounds of interview. If you are applying on a specialist position you should expect a home assignment as well. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsOur hiring process:1.First contact - Scheduling a call2.Discovery call3.Home assignment4.Interview5.Offer English CV is our strong preference. We will be happy if you could write a few words about yourself and your motivation to join us :) - no motivation letters are needed, simply write it in the body of your application/mail. Advertiser Brief description of the companySuperScale is the only Growth Platform that is able to deliver extra double-digit growth for leading mobile and web3 gaming companies. Thanks to our proprietary AI technology and expertise we help our partners such as EA, Big Fish Games, Google, LEGO to analyze, optimize and scale business performance of their flagship titles to the levels their products deserve.
We are leading the world of gaming into one of their exciting developments and helping games transition to a blockchain-centric world, where NFTs and crypto co-exist with proper, interesting and engaging gaming experiences. Do you play games? Then you have most likely played our clients games.
We also help them attract and retain valuable, engaged and happy users, and scale games growth to unexpected heights.
We believe the key to unlocking the maximum potential of a game is understanding and improving player's experience with data so that it better caters to his or her individual wants and needs.
To continue our exponential growth we are bringing-in high performing and ambitious team players, whether an avid gamer or not (we’ll show you, there will be no way back): we are a B2B tech business above anything. We are enthusiastic and gung-ho about games but super- serious about our clients-partners success. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Tina MlynarčíkováE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4464412 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  22.3.2023 
    2023-03-22
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Frontend developer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: SuperScale s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
