Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceRelease manager / C#/.NET Developer 
Release manager / C#/.NET DeveloperSYNOT Games, s.r.o.
Place of work
Miletičova, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
1.4.2023
Wage (gross)
From 2 700 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking for a skilled Release Manager to join our Bratislava-based team! As Release Manager you will be responsible for planning and coordinating software releases, preparing deployment components. Partially, you will be also part of development team and implement tasks for software development. 
Your daily tasks will include:
-Product release preparation, deployment and configuration for internal and production deployments
-Preparing scripts / software for automated deployment
-Communication with developers and software architects as well as operations team
-Defining processes and procedures involving release management
-Implementation development tasks Employee perks, benefits• Flexible working hours
• Hybrid model work
• 2 additional vacation days
• Fruit days, teambuildings
• Informal working atmosphere
• English courses
• Discounts and more benefit (SK, CZ) Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examinationLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeC# - Advanced.NET - AdvancedPersonality requirements and skillsAre you a good fit for our team? Let's find out!
We are looking for an experienced person with:
- Technical orientation and understanding of software development lifecycle
- Basic/intermediate knowledge of scripting in powershell
- Knowledge in C#/.NET.
- Knowledge of software development process
- Knowledge of technical English
- Good communication skills.
- Experience with SQL, Git, and DevOps (TFS) is an advantage.
You will be part of an experienced team with passion for innovation in a highly creative, inspiring and young environment.
You will have a chance to work with the latest technology on the market and acquire various certificates.
Working at SYNOT Games is an opportunity to work under a stable SYNOT brand with decades of history.
Besides, what else could be more fun than creating games?
Requirements for the employee
Candidates with education suit the position
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree) Advertiser Brief description of the companySYNOT Games is a Bratislava-based team of gaming enthusiasts, constantly keeping in touch with innovation and striving for perfection. With more than 30 years of previous experience in gaming, we create exciting new casino slots with remarkable visuals and state-of-the-art technological attributes. We are striving to always provide top-level quality to keep the players thrilled and entertained.
As part of SYNOT Group we blend the tradition and experience with fresh and innovative approaches, together providing a full portfolio for both online and land-based operations. Our games are easy to integrate, infinitely engaging and available on multiple devices, platforms or languages. ContactContact person: Petra BubeníkováTel.: +421901714199E-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4516799 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  15.3.2023 
    2023-03-15
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer   Spoločnosť: SYNOT Games, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 700 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
