Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJoin our Mobile community! (iOS/Android/Hybrid) 
Join our Mobile community! (iOS/Android/Hybrid)IBM
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
1.5.2022
Wage (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesOur teammates are keen to invite new developers in their team. We are looking for passionate Mobile developers who will be working on further development and maintenance of applications at various clients' infrastructure. 
What would be your job?
You will work with amazing mobile team on multiple international projects. You will participate on the entire app life-cycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support, and ensure they continue to function flawlessly across new releases. Your role will be not only a software developer but technical designer and code reviewer on several projects as well.You will apply your understanding of various coding methodologies and tools and know when to use each method to achieve the desired outcomes. As such, you should be able to transform requirements into stipulations and identify application issues, and recommending changes to improve the established processes. During this process, you will use your written and oral skills a lot, as we work in teams and also face clients in daily interactions.
Position is located in Bratislava , Kosice or Banska Bystrica.
What would be your responsibilities?
Developing new features and user interfaces from wireframe models
Ensuring the best performance and user experience of the application
Fixing bugs and performance problems
Writing clean, readable, and testable code
Cooperating with back-end developers, designers, and the rest of the team to deliver well-architected and high-quality solutions in Agile environment
Required Professional and Technical Expertise :
What do you need for your success with us?
• Experience with version control systems and responsive design experience
• Working knowledge of testing, from unit, to functional in a mobile context
• Being familiar with Agile development processes
• Good communication and human relation skills
• Good organizational skills in a deadline driven environment
• Creativity, enthusiasm and energy with a strong customer focus
• English (speaking and writing), German Language is beneficial
Possible roles for you: 
iOS developer– Swift applications, iOS SDK and XCode, iOS UX guidelines/best practice. A understanding and experience with of APIs (Ajax, REST, Web services, XML, JSON, JSONP, etc.)
Android developer– Kotlin, cloud integrations, Mobile Device Management, Java, Android SDK knowledge. A understanding and experience with of APIs (Ajax, REST, Web services, XML, JSON, JSONP, etc.)
Hybrid mobile developer – Understanding any of those technologies: Ionic/React native/Flutter/Progressive web applications Employee perks, benefits• Salary starting from 1800 EUR to 3000 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language proficiency
• Stable job in a reputable and well-performing company
• Almost endless learning & growth opportunities (classroom based trainings and 5000 e-learning courses)
• Performance and salary evaluation on regular basis
• Subsidized meal-tickets
• Flexible working time and home office 
• Three additional vacation days
• Up to three self-recovery days
• 100% sick leave compensation
• Life insurance and supplementary pension savings program
• Private medical sanatorium
• Long term career development and possibility of internal rotation
• Recommend-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Veronika SimonovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4255645 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  7.3.2023 
    2023-03-07
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Android Developer, Frontend developer, iOS Developer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
