ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Fullstack Developer (Java,Angular) 
Scientific Games Kft. has more than 40 years of research and development in the field of lottery systems made our company a worldwide leading supplier of lottery products.
As a global lottery company, Scientific Games is an exciting place to work. We drive innovation, champion groundbreaking ideas and bring meaning to work every day. With more than 190 employees in Budapest, currently serves more than 400 customers on six continents today. We have opportunities for everyone.
If you want to:
participate in developing the new generation lottery software system in Java/JavaScript
support our cross-platform front-end application
further develop your Angular knowledge
come to us as our new Software Developer
The following CHALLENGES await You:
Development of our Lottery and Retailer Management Platform ‘gem | Suite’ in Java, JavaScript, OutSystems or Crystal Reports
Architecture, design, implementation and testing in an agile environment (Scrum, Kanban, SAFe)
Implementation of new architecture principles in the new software generation
JOIN US, if:
You have completed education in computer science or IT
You can share us some details about your knowledge in either Angular, JavaScript, Java, OutSystems or with CrystalReports and you can prove it with experience of minimum 3 years
You have knowledge of best practices (security, design patterns, responsive design, test frameworks, continuous integration and deployment)
You have the following strengths: personal initiative and engagement, high level of quality awareness, accuracy and team spirit in a distributed, international team
You would like to use your excellent English on a daily basis as part of a remote team
Advantageous for the position:
experience in DevOps or with MS-SQL Databases
experience with Crystal Reports
experience with Test Automation in a Web Environment
If you CHOOSE US, we can offer:
Competitive payment package (13. and 14. months salaries, Home Office package)
Cafeteria and Health insurance
Mentoring Program, Trainings
Flexible work schedule
Downtown office, in the heart of Budapest, at the foot of Buda castle (easily accessible by public transport)
Indoor bike and motorcycle storage
Recreation room: table soccer, darts and sauna
Team buildings
Excellent working atmosphere
Open company culture
Economically stable and growing enterprise
Non-conventional domain: lottery and sports games
Scientific Games Kft.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Fullstack Developer (Java,Angular) 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 14.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Java/Angular Developer 
 Budapest  
 Java, Angular Developer 
 Budapest  
 Software Engineer (Angular/JS/Java) 
 Budapest  
 Senior Fullstack Developer (Java/Angular) 
 Budapest  
 Java_JavaScript Developer 
 Budapest  
