ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
Do you have good communication skills and a result-oriented mindset? Are you motivated to work in a multilingual environment where you can use your language skills on a daily basis? Do you prefer working in a hybrid (2 days office, 3 days from home)? If your answer is YES, perfect!  
Join one of the world’s biggest multinational companies in Budapest as a Service Desk Analyst!
As a Service Desk Analyst (Level 1) you will resolve IT issues for our multinational customers together with your colleagues in an international team.
They will contact you via email, chat or a self-service portal and your task will be to support them by resolving the issue on the spot or by coordinating with other technician teams (Level 2) to find the resolution.Besides IT troubleshooting, your responsibilities will include administration and translation of these incoming requests, providing information to both customers and IT teams and follow-up on unresolved cases to make sure that the team’s targets are met.
                Elvárások / Requirements
You are the perfect candidate if you:
have confident level of English knowledgefeel enthusiastic about answering questions and providing support to international partner
Advantages:
Customer Service / Service Desk / IT support experienceKnowledge of computer hardware/peripherals and printersAny previous experience or studies related to Windows operating system, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Outlook and other standard software
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
Do you want to kickstart your career as an IT Helpdesk Agent? In case you speak English fluently, your element is to help others and you are okay to work in shifts do not hesitate to apply!
English Speaking IT helpdesk 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 20.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 System Installation Specialist (German speaking) 
 Budapest  
 IT helpdesk munkatárs 
 Budapest  
 German/French speaking Application Support Analyst 
 Budapest  
 System Administrator (German speaking) 
 Budapest  
 Ariba Functional Admin 
 Budapest  
