ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Site Reliability Engineer 
Your new company
Our partner is passionate about building software that solves problems. They count on our site reliability engineers (SREs) to empower their users with a rich feature set, high availability, and stellar performance level to pursue their missions.
Your new role
They are currently seeking an experienced SRE to deliver insights from scale data in real time. Specifically, they are searching for someone who brings fresh ideas, demonstrates a unique and informed viewpoint, and enjoys collaborating with a cross-functional team to develop real-world solutions and positive user experiences at every interaction.
Gather and analyze metrics to enhance performance tuning and fault finding.
Partner with development teams to improve services through rigorous testing and automated releases.
Participate in system design consulting, platform management, and capacity planning.
Create immutable systems and services through automation.
Respond to incidents and provide support for our engineering teams with customer incidents. Completing Root Cause Analysis investigations, and improving team practices in handoffs of work and incidents.
Setup monitoring and alerting based on symptoms, and not on outages.
Introduce automation and optimize tools/applications to reduce incidents.
Debug production issues across different applications, services and levels of the stack.
Guide various teams on defining service-level Agreements, Objectives and Indicators (SLA/SLO/SLI), considering performance, resilience and cost effectiveness.
Promote cloud native principles and onboard systems on the infra-as-code, DevSecOps best practices.
What you'll need to succeed
Broad experience with AWS.
Familiarity with Disaster Recovery and High Availability strategies.
Experience with Infrastructure-As-Code tools (Terraform, AWS Cloud Formation).
Experience with containerizing applications for production and local development
Experience with CI/CD tools and scripting.
Nice to have:
Familiarity with Logging Aggregation and Monitoring tools.
Familiarity (structured and OO) with one or more high level languages, such as Python, Java, C/C++/C#, Ruby, and JavaScript (NodeJS), using serverless deployments (Lambda functions).
Experience in Cybersecurity/Networking
Experience with system administration in Windows and Linux systems.
What you'll get in return
Global Career Opportunities.
Tuition fee reimbursement for higher education.
English Live training.
Global Management Training.
Discounts on our partner's programs.
Strength Finder training.
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Site Reliability Engineer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 14.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 QA Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Devops Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Site Cybersecurity Officer - Veszprém 
 Veszprém  
