ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
Our Business Service Center is a German family-owned automotive company, and they would like to represent themselves also in the Hungarian market. They are planning to hire 350 new employees, and it will have a brand new office in Budapest. New colleagues will have a chance to join a new company and to make decisions in professional topics. These employees who add their own ideas would be prioritized by the management of the company. Fluent English is necessary to use for everyday work.
Overall Purpose of Job:The Senior Project Manager oversees and manages the operational aspects of ongoing projects and serves as a liaison between project management and planning, project team, and line management. Reviews the status of projects and budgets, manages schedules and prepares status reports. Assesses project issues and develops resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client satisfaction goals and objectives. Develops mechanisms for monitoring project progress and for intervention and problem-solving with project managers, line managers, clients and other stakeholders.
Main tasks, roles and responsibilities:- Oversees and manages the global implementation of the M365 platform.- Directly managing all aspects of the project lifecycle. Responsible for managing the complete lifecycle of government contract technology product implementations. Accountable for full life cycle project management, including project initiation and planning, development, testing, implementation, and closeout.- Plan, program, and recommend allocation of resources to support the mission and associated goals and objectives. Responsibility for assembling the project staff; for their technical or functional development, performance, and/or termination during the project or projects. Develop, prioritize, and defend IT resource requirements.- Develop project schedules and recommends appropriate lead-lag times. Plan workload for multiple project management teams and de-conflict resources.- Evaluate project schedule progress and performance and identify developing problem areas. Conduct analysis to determine alternative courses of action or recovery on slipped schedules.- Source the capabilities, skills, and technology necessary to meet customer requirements supported by service level agreements.- Conducts regular, periodic, project management status meetings to apprise all stakeholders of project progress, issues, challenges, risks, and project management activities.- Defining and tracking project milestones while developing, maintaining and reporting on an overall integrated delivery plan.
                Elvárások / Requirements
- At least 5 years of global IT Project Management experience especially supporting the implementation and change of central applications.- Experience in M365 and cloud-related implementation.- Experience in working in leading projects in a multinational context.- Experience in virtual teams in multinational organizations.- Ability to make decisions alone and work alone under minimum supervision.- Good overall knowledge of IT technologies and terminology.- Highly proficient IT skills in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and MS project.- Very good and effective communicator, fluent in English.- High level of emotional intelligence.- Ability to actively listen and accept other’s views.- Certification in Project Management (PMI CAPM, Prince 2 foundation or comparable) is a plus.
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
- Flexible working conditions with UNLIMITED remote work possibility, you can have a real work-life balance.- Modern, newly built sustainable office in the heart of Budapest.- Competitive salary, benefits and compensation packages (Medicover, bonuses, an extra day off on your birthday).- Supportive, diverse and highly skilled community.- Ability to really make a difference and build new processes from scratch, you can participate in the formation and shape of the BSC processes.- You can enjoy our value-oriented work culture: we are down-to-earth, appreciative, inspiring and innovative.- Our client is a dynamically developing company (10-20% yearly growth in the automotive and solar industry), an independent, family-run business which provides much flexibility.
Senior IT Project Manager (M365 Project) 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 20.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Cybersecurity Project Manager 
 Budapest  
 SW Project Manager 
 Budapest  
 IT project manager 
 Budapest  
 Software Project Manager 
 Szombathely  
 IT Project manager 
 Kecskemét  
