ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Master Data Specialist - Lease Accounting 
Az elhelyezkedésről
Immár 135 éve, hogy az Alcoa munkatársai világszerte meghatározó szerepet vállalnak a lehetőségek kiaknázása terén – kezdve az alumíniumot hétköznapi elemmé tevő találmányunktól, egészen annak újradefiniálásáig, mit jelent fenntartható alumíniumipari vállalatnak lenni. Vállalatunk története során az Alcoa tehetséges munkatársai áttörést jelentő innovációkat és bevált iparági gyakorlatokat hoztak létre, amelyek üzleti egységeink környezetében hatékonysághoz, biztonsághoz, fenntarthatósághoz, globális szakmai karrierépítéshez és erősebb közösségekhez vezettek. Csatlakozzon hozzánk, és fedezze fel, milyen lehetőségek várnak Önre!
Az Alcoa Shared Services Hungary Kft. adminisztratív megoldásokat és üzleti szolgáltatásokat nyújt Európában, Észak- és Dél-Amerikában, valamint Ausztráliában található lokációinak és irodáinak. Az Alcoa Magyarországon közel 160 főt foglalkoztat.
Alcoa encourages applications from qualified refugees who are currently in Ukraine (and able to legally and safely leave the country) or who are now outside of Ukraine due to being displaced with the current conflict. If the candidate is selected, the company will provide the support necessary (if any) to assist the candidate with becoming legally authorized to work in Hungary.
A munkáról
The role of this position is to manage the daily operations of the Lease Accounting Process within the Lease Accelerator solution, being responsible for the timely completion of the processes, ensuring the quality of the data within the system and ensuring the solution continues to function through all system changes and upgrades. The role will act also as the tactical/functional process owner for the solution to enable the stability of the solution and continuous improvements that will improve the efficiency and accuracy of the system.
The major activities of the role include (but are not limited to):
Manage and execute of all processes in the solution, including data entry, data loading, data updates and running reports.
Perform the update and/or load of all configuration data in the system.
Manage the tasks defined in the leasing process and SOP and ensure the proper communication to all stakeholders.
Act as the system process expert and handle users’ questions about the solution and process.
Manage and execute the tasks within the Lease Accounting reporting solution. This will include the running of internal report extractions, loading data into the solution, ensuring the continued functioning of the reports and communicating and delivering any required central reports.
Maintain and update all templates and reports used in the system, including the updates to the templates when upgrades are delivered by Lease Accelerator.
Liaise with the business process owner and regional experts of all regions.
Actively participate in the resolution of technical and functional issues and follow-up in a timely manner
Test new functions and releases
Cooperate with internal and external developer groups on new developments, enhancements and remediation activities.
Develop and maintain good working relationship with internal and external customers.
What we expect:
Fluency in English
University or College Degree in Business, Finance or Supply Chain Management
MS office products with a particular comfort working with Microsoft Excel formulas and macros.
Strong analytical, communications, and interpersonal skills (ability to "sell" concepts, ideas and goals; stakeholder/ customer management)
Self-confidence, learning orientation, global awareness, judgment, initiative, tenacity are needed in position.
Collaboration, customer focus, results orientation, attention to detail are absolutely essential.
What we offer
Attractive remuneration package
Employee Assistance Program
Flexibility on working hours and home working possibilities upon agreement
Alcoa encourages applications from women, people of diverse backgrounds and those with different skills and life experiences. Alcoa is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Master Data Specialist - Lease Accounting 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Alcoa Shared Services Hungary Kft. 
SzékesfehérvárFejér 
Teljes munkaidős 
Tapasztalat nem szükséges 
Főiskolai végzettség 
Frissítés dátuma: 20.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Master Data Specialist - German speaking 
 Budapest  
 Part-time Accounting Specialist 
 Budapest  
 SAP Master Data Application Consultant 
 Budapest  
 Scrum Master 
 Budapest  
 Master Data Management Analyst Trainee 
 Budapest  
