ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
Our partner is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, the UK, and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil, and Iberia, and an Asset Management organization with locations in the UK, US, NL, and Hungary. The Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit, and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At our partner, they foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. They are a people business, and they recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. They value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
Ownership of the Platform Management horizontal value delivery stream.
Collaborate with CC Product Owners for the delivery of IT Platform, Non-Functional IT and Automation requirements across all CC business value streams.
Take lead of defining product vision and roadmap for scrum team and communicate with stakeholders throughout the process.
Work with internal and external contacts to analyze needs and align product roadmap to strategic goals.
Work closely with product management/business teams to create and maintain a product backlog according to business value and priorities.
Responsible for delivering budget and cost management across the IT Platforms
Ensure that the product backlog is visible, transparent, and clear to all, and shows what the Scrum team will work on next.
Engage in scaled agile practices and coordinate with other Product owners (as needed) to promote cross-team alignment around product roadmaps and dependencies.
Plan and prioritize product feature backlog and development for the product including change and incident management.
Develop detailed product specifications and ensure they’re clearly understood by the teams.
Actively mitigate roadblocks impacting successful team completion of release/sprint goals.
Lead product release planning with technical and business stakeholders and set expectation for delivery of new functionalities.
Serve as the product ambassador internally and externally, sharing knowledge and answering questions related to the product.
Manages the relationship with a group of stakeholders on a tactical level and handle conflicting interests well.
Empowered to make decisions and deliver on them.
Keep up with agile/scrum best practices and trends.
                Elvárások / Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in a related field or equivalent knowledge and a minimum related work experience of 5 years.
Experience with Product Ownership preferably in the IT area,
Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) preferred or willingness to become certified.
Excellent English communication skills with the ability to work across multi-functional internationalteams.
Strong knowledge of IT control frameworks (ITIL, COBIT) and IT Service Mgt.
Strong knowledge and experience in software development in an Agile environment.
Experience with Service Now or a similar change and incident management toolset.
Experience with Jira or a similar agile product management toolset.
Able to build strong collaborative relationships with teammates, leadership, seniormanagement, and stakeholders.
Confident and effective dealing with stakeholders and end users.
Good planning, prioritizing and goal setting skills.
Advanced ability to accept and embrace change and manage through ambiguous situations. Proven ability to balance concurrent activities.
Soft Skills
Customer focused
Leadership skills
Problem solving and decision-making skills
Integrity, Honest, and Transparent
Strong communication, negotiation, and critical thinking skills
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
 Brand new office at an excellent location
 Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
 A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
IT Product Owner 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 19.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 IT Product Owner 
 Budapest  
 Product Owner "AV" 
 Budapest  
 Intermediate DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Product Cybersecurity GRC/Auditor 
 Budapest  
 Ariba Functional Admin 
 Budapest  
