ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
OT Operations Coordinator* 
Your Contribution
You coordinate process and document requests (incidents, changes) received from key users of different locations as well as maintenance activities
You narrow down root causes, derive necessary tasks and organize with locations and our technical experts
You will be involved in support tasks (2nd/3rd level) and troubleshooting
You support roll-out projects both from organizational and technical point of view
You provide training for users on our IT applications in production, plant maintenance and quality
You establish a good relationship to the key users of the different locations and gather a good understanding of their requirements and collect ideas for continuous improvement
     Your Profile
You have a degree (B.Sc.) in computer science, engineering or natural sciences; alternatively, you have a comparable qualification through a completed apprenticeship with several years (3-5 years) of work experience and have a strong understanding of IT
You have experience with ITSM tools (e.g. ServiceNow) and tools for agile working methods (e.g. Jira & Confluence)
You have practical experience in the operation (and implementation) of production-related software systems/ applications in a production-related environment (MES, PDA, CAQ, etc.)
You have first experience in the administration of both Linux (e.g. Debian) and Windows system, as well as the development of scripts and applications for automated administration
You have a good understanding on virtualization, container- and cloud-based deployments as well as the management of services based on Docker & Co.
If you gained first experience with GMP related tasks, is a plus
Good communication skills, especially in English, a team oriented working style distinguish you
You enjoy to work in a diverse and locally distributed team
     Your Benefits
At SCHOTT, you can expect a unique corporate culture where we emphasize equity, diversity and inclusion. We know: motivated and committed employees are the condition for the success of our company.
     Please feel free to contact us
You can expect interesting tasks and challenging projects, as well as motivated and friendly teams in fields that influence our future. Do you want to be successful with us? Then, please send us your application: SCHOTT Hungary Kft., Human Resources, Ilona Mosonyi+3694568484
*At SCHOTT, it’s your personality that counts – not your gender, your identity, or origin.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
OT Operations Coordinator* 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
SCHOTT Hungary Kft. 
Lukácsháza, 9724 Magyarország 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 18.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Senior Test Coordinator 
 Budapest  
 IT Operations Administrator 
 Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok megye  
 SAP Project Coordinator 
 Budapest  
 Site Reliability Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Experienced Migration Specialist (REF1592A) 
 Budapest  
