ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
DevOps Engineer 
Your new company
They are leading software and hardware provider on the emerging Vehicle-to-Vehicle and Vehicle-to-Infrastructure (V2X) communication market, with a mission to increase traffic safety and efficiency on the road. As a DevOps Engineer of the team, you will have the opportunity to build and fine-tune data intensive applications unleashing the potential of connected cars/infrastructure. In this challenging role, you’ll have the room to grow personally and professionally with the team.
Your new role
Optimize the product release process (CI/CD pipeline) 
Design, create and maintain IaC (Infrastructure-as-Code) playbooks, deployments. 
Configure, scale and set up load balancing of various open source services (Kafka, MQ Brokers, API Gateway, Kubernetes, Prometheus, etc.) 
Design high availability and fault tolerance of the systems 
Actively use PaaS/IaaS products and opportunities 
Define and monitor network, routing, load balancing and security settings 
Establish fault-tolerant release process, handling possible rollbacks 
Monitor service components 
Support product development by monitoring and maintaining the company’s on-premise tests, dev systems and installing test systems of a specific version 
Design and manage, archiving and log rotation strategie 
Design, create and monitor the network and firewall for the containerized components and the entire product 
Monitor the efficient operation of the product and components, channel the findings back to the developers
Create documentation and cooperate with the development team
What you'll need to succeed
3+ years experience in similar role 
Relevant experience with Linux based systems 
Knowledge of CI/CD systems (GitLab, Jenkins etc.) 
Hands-on experience with container technologies. 
Experience with monitoring tools (Prometheus, Zabbix, etc.) 
Experiences with commonly used scripting languages and data exchange formats (ie.: Bash, Python, JSON, YML) 
Solid understanding of TCP/IP networking and higher level protocols related to Web technologies (HTTP, DNS) 
xperience with AWS services like EC2, S3 
Readiness to work both independently and as part of a team 
Ability and willingness to learn quickly and meet deadlines 
Great communication skills in Hungarian and English
What gives you further advantage:
Experience with automations tools (eg: Ansible)
Familiarity with build systems (Maven, Gradle, etc.)
What you'll get in return
Overview of market and trends in the automotive industry, Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS), autonomous cars and the technologies that will be included in every vehicle in the following years 
The opportunity to grow professionally in a dynamic working environment 
A long-term career opportunity by helping to build a tech company rapidly growing on global markets (EU, US, Asia) 
Flexible working hours, home office opportunity 
Steady work in a cooperative and friendly team 
Cafeteria and private health insurance 
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
DevOps Engineer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 15.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Devops Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
