ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Windows System Administrator 
Your new company
Our partner is a privately owned, fully-integrated, international manufacturer and distributor of climbing products, access systems, fall protection equipment and jobsite truck and van storage equipment. They have manufacturing, warehousing, sales and distribution facilities and offices in the United States, Mexico, Canada, China, the United Kingdom and Australia. The company is the leading manufacturer of climbing products in North America and its products are considered the standard of the industry.
They are looking for expanding their IT team in Kecskemét.
Your new role
support and system administration for clients, server and network environment
user support for European IT environment
administration and support of O365 environment (Exchange, Teams, SharePoint, OneDrive)
Azure AD administration (Hybrid AD administration)
VMware environnent administration (vSphere, vMotion, vCenter, etc…)
Windows server environment administration
Administration for firewall and IT security environment
network administrator tasks
What you'll need to succeed
Degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Mathematics, or Economics or relevant 2-3 year of work experience
Knowledge and experience in the area of IT system administration
Analytical thinking and structured working with high quality orientation
Team player with a high degree of initiative
Interest in technological trends and their benefits for processes and organization
Spoken and Written English knowledge, German or French welcome
What you'll get in return
Competitive compensation package including cafeteria benefits.
Travel/commuting expense compensation.
Flexible working hours, working in office time
Hybrid working arrangement possibilites
Be part of an exciting journey.
Friendly multicultural environment with national and international team events.
Great team, positive spirit and energetic people.
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Windows System Administrator 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 15.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Windows System Administrator 
 Budapest  
 System Administrator 
 Budapest  
 IT Operations Administrator 
 Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok megye  
 Linux System Administrator 
 Budapest  
 Salesforce Administrator 
 Budapest  
