ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
C++ developer 
What we require from you: 
Strong proficiency in C++ 11/14 and/or Java in a Linux server-side environment.
Development experience in object-oriented programming and working with mixture of new and legacy systems.
Strong pragmatic problem-solving skills, result-oriented, and can-do attitude.
Excellent communication skills and ability to excel in a global team environment.
Nice to have:
High performance, low-latency programming
Experience/strong interest in finance industry, and fixed income analytics. 
Perl / Python scripting, databases. What you will be doing:
Be able to take full ownership of your projects with the backing of a well-established team in Budapest
Work on a combination of long-term strategic development and shorter-term business focused development on our client's Fixed Income trading platform
Deliver increased automation to the trading desks and expand electronic trading and pricing capabilities into new business areas
Software design and development in compliance with software development life cycle standards
Project planning, execution and delivery into a production environment
These are some of the benefits you will enjoy:
Our partner has been delivering services from Hungary since 2001, making us a perfect choice if you’re looking for stability.
We provide a wide range of benefits, including a market leading comprehensive private health care package.
We offer extensive self-development opportunities: our colleagues have a multitude of training possibilities for personal and professional growth.
At Hungary there are both vertical and horizontal career options for those who like to challenge themselves and try out different areas and positions.
You will be part of a global and diverse working environment with relaxation areas, terraces, and a friendly atmosphere.
You can seize the day with us at our company events, hobby clubs, and sporting initiatives.
An attractive compensation package.
Contract type: full time, indefinite
Working hours: 40 hours/week
Legal requirements: The candidate needs to be currently eligible to work in Hungary. In the IT Services area, Our partner implements the best in class solutions in the Business 4.0 era to enable strong digital foundations for our customers worldwide. We are working with a wide range of technologies and programming languages.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
C++ developer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 14.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Developer 
 Budapest  
 C ++ developer 
 Budapest  
 Java Developer 
 Budapest  
 Embedded developer 
 Budapest  
 Software Developer (C++) 
 Budapest  
