ITPeople.hu
 Facebook
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Állások
Álláskereső belépés
Munkáltató belépés
Álláshirdetés feladása
Blog
Kapcsolat
 itpeople facebook
itpeople
 Facebook
Álláshirdetés feladása
Belépés/Regisztráció
Munkáltató
Álláskereső
Állások
Projektmunkák
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Közösség
Kapcsolat
Data Transmits Engineer állás Országos
Tesztelés állások 
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentAegon Global Technology Services (GTS) provides IT infrastructure and application support services to the Aegon businesses. GTS is responsible for the provision, support and ongoing maintenance of IT operating platforms, applications and services. There is also a strong connection with external providers necessitating vendor and service provider management. GTS is responsible for driving the technology strategy and providing IT infrastructure solutions that are in alignment with business objectives and the GTS technology strategy.Elvárások / Requirements
Associates degree in computer science or a minimum of five years of work experience in Data Transmits.
Knowledge of file transfer protocols. i.e. SFTP, HTTPS, ConnectDirect, FTPS. (file transfer protocol – weboldal komuunikációs nyelve
Understanding of PGP encryption/signature and SSh/SSL keys and certificates.
Knowledge of FTP tools i.e. ProgressMOVEit, WS/FTP Pro, IBM Sterling File Gateway.
Knowledge of connectivity failures and troubleshooting methods for FTP issues.
Strong critical-thinking and problem-solving skills
Appropriate level of ITIL qualification.
Has a high level of interpersonal and communication skills and displays a self-driven, proactive work ethic.
Ability to work non-traditional work hours as needed.
Preferred Qualifications / Skills / Experience
Network Technical Center experience a Plus
Distributed Service Center experience a Plus
Amit kínálunk / OfferGTS File Transfer Services is a Level 3 team which provides Data Transmits Services infrastructure support to meet the needs of the diverse range of customers across the globe. Responsible for the provision and maintenance of several different Data Transmits methods and services. There is also a strong connection with external providers necessitating vendor and service providers.
The team will provide & manage a shared Data Transmits service with associated satellite sites as required to AEGON / Transamerica entities, by utilising global staff capabilities across multiple sites.
The role of a Data Transmits engineer is to make sure the Data Transmits services are available 24/7/365 to support the services the business units require. Monitoring & working with 3rd parties to protect the Data Transmits services on a resilient base to minimise all risks to the service. Managing / overseeing all Data Transmits services from the satellite sites. Fully responsible for all Data Transmits services, escorting 3rd parties when required ensuring the key SOX audit controls are met & documented.
Key Duties, Accountability and Responsibilities:
Ability to track and patch all Data Transmits installs within the environment to documented standards.
Ability to perform upgrades and maintenance.
Provide frontline support for file transfer related calls, incidents, and service requests.
Ensure all team tickets are resolved within our agreed SLA’s. (service level agreement)
Maintain quality assurance of documentation and standards of installs/Decommissions etc.
Ability to manage all installs that are performed by 3rd
Ability to plan/design/oversee implementation of all aspects of Data Transmit systems with limited assistance.
Work with customers to identify Data Transmits requirements.
Work in partnership with 3rd parties to make sure the infrastructure that supports the Data Transmits service is fit for purpose.
Work with 3rd party providers to complete work in satellite locations.
Participate successfully on a project team with limited assistance.
Able to act as a point of contact for disaster recovery for all aspects of Data Transmits systems.
Support on-call 24x7.
Kapcsolattartó / Information 
Home office
Competitive salary
Flexible working hours
Very good development opportunities in a global company
Highly people-centric environment
Diverse and interesting tasks and projects
Health Insurance
Training & Development opportunities
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary Kft													
Országos
Nincs meghatározva
 Tesztelés
Lejárati dátum: 2023-04-30 15:55:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióData Transmits Engineer
Munkavégzés helye
Országos
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaTesztelés
Hasznos linkek
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
IT Állások iparág szerint
Adatbázis szakértő, Analyst állások
Back-end fejlesztő állások
Front-end fejlesztő állások
Full-stack fejlesztő állások
Design és grafika állások
IT management állások
IT / Dev architect  állások
Rendszer / Hálózat, DevOps állások
SAP állások
Szoftverfejlesztő állások
Tesztelés állások
Egyéb IT pozik állások
Mérnöki / Ipari programozás állások
IT Support állások
Mobil fejlesztő állások
Gyakornok állások
Mesterséges intelligencia állások
ITPeople.hu
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
ITPeople állások
