ITPeople.hu
 Facebook
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Állások
Álláskereső belépés
Munkáltató belépés
Álláshirdetés feladása
Blog
Kapcsolat
 itpeople facebook
itpeople
 Facebook
Álláshirdetés feladása
Belépés/Regisztráció
Munkáltató
Álláskereső
Állások
Projektmunkák
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Közösség
Kapcsolat
Business Analyst: Finance Systems Support Analyst állás Országos
SQL
Egyéb IT pozik állások 
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentAegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, the UK, and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil, and Iberia, and an Asset Management organization with locations in the UK, US, NL, and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit, and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, they foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. They are a people business, and they recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. They value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.Elvárások / RequirementsRequirements
Bachelor’s degree in a related field (Accounting, Finance) or equivalent knowledge and a minimum related work experience of 5-7 years. 
Knowledge of Solvency II and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) reporting and consolidation is an advantage.
Experience within functional support in the area of financial reporting and consolidation applications preferably in the Financial Services and Insurance industry.
Excellent English communication skills with the ability to work across multi-functional international teams. 
Confident and effective dealing with stakeholders and end users.
Understanding of programming languages (SQL, MDX) and CCH Tagetik is an advantage.
Experience with workflow automation tools (Willis Towers Watson Unify) is an advantage.  
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Excel and Word.
Well-developed skills in root cause analysis.
High level of knowledge of standard SDLC methodologies.
Advanced ability to accept and embrace change and manage through ambiguous situations.
Understanding of Agile principles and concepts.
Knowledge of internal control frameworks.
Soft Skills
Problem solving skills
Pro-active
Creative and the ability to think outside the box
The ability to work independently and also as part of a team 
Strong analytical and communication skills 
Attention to details
Taking responsibility
Amit kínálunk / Offer
Interact with the business (Group Finance) in order to know and understand their processes and (IT) needs. Be the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teams.
Work directly with stakeholders to gather requirements and provide solutions for finance applications and integrations with vendor solutions.
Provide functional support for financial reporting applications.
Support and develop workflows within Willis Towers Watson Unify automation platform.  
Execute or assist in resolution of issues. Ensure appropriate tickets are created to record and assign issues and document resolution.
Prepare application administration documents, end-user documentation, and/or application training to end-users. 
Utilize change management process to ensure modifications or upgrades are authorized, tested when applicable, approved, and implemented appropriately.
Act as point of contact with application vendor and customer to coordinate new releases, updates, or changes.
Ensure proper application monitoring is in place and reviewed. Coordinate with technical staff if there is an issue.
Understanding risk and compliance controls and work with compliance team to ensure controls are met and/or mitigated.
Work within an agile environment.
Participate in initiatives and projects as assigned.
Kapcsolattartó / Information
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
 Brand new office at an excellent location
 Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
 A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary Kft													
Országos
Nincs meghatározva
 Egyéb IT pozik
Lejárati dátum: 2023-04-27 15:10:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióBusiness Analyst: Finance Systems Support Analyst
Munkavégzés helye
Országos
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaEgyéb IT pozik
Hasznos linkek
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
IT Állások iparág szerint
Adatbázis szakértő, Analyst állások
Back-end fejlesztő állások
Front-end fejlesztő állások
Full-stack fejlesztő állások
Design és grafika állások
IT management állások
IT / Dev architect  állások
Rendszer / Hálózat, DevOps állások
SAP állások
Szoftverfejlesztő állások
Tesztelés állások
Egyéb IT pozik állások
Mérnöki / Ipari programozás állások
IT Support állások
Mobil fejlesztő állások
Gyakornok állások
Mesterséges intelligencia állások
ITPeople.hu
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
ITPeople állások
