ITPeople.hu
 Facebook
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Állások
Álláskereső belépés
Munkáltató belépés
Álláshirdetés feladása
Blog
Kapcsolat
 itpeople facebook
itpeople
 Facebook
Álláshirdetés feladása
Belépés/Regisztráció
Munkáltató
Álláskereső
Állások
Projektmunkák
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Közösség
Kapcsolat
IT Product Owner állás Budapest
IT management állások 
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentAegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, the UK, and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil, and Iberia, and an Asset Management organization with locations in the UK, US, NL, and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit, and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, they foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. They are a people business, and they recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. They value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.Elvárások / Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in a related field or equivalent knowledge and a minimum related work experience of 5 years.
Experience with Product Ownership preferably in the IT area,
Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) preferred or willingness to become certified.
Excellent English communication skills with the ability to work across multi-functional internationalteams.
Strong knowledge of IT control frameworks (ITIL, COBIT) and IT Service Mgt.
Strong knowledge and experience in software development in an Agile environment.
Experience with Service Now or a similar change and incident management toolset.
Experience with Jira or a similar agile product management toolset.
Able to build strong collaborative relationships with teammates, leadership, seniormanagement, and stakeholders.
Confident and effective dealing with stakeholders and end users.
Good planning, prioritizing and goal setting skills.
Advanced ability to accept and embrace change and manage through ambiguous situations. Proven ability to balance concurrent activities.
Soft Skills
Customer focused
Leadership skills
Problem solving and decision-making skills
Integrity, Honest, and Transparent
Strong communication, negotiation, and critical thinking skills
Amit kínálunk / Offer
Ownership of the Platform Management horizontal value delivery stream.
Collaborate with CC Product Owners for the delivery of IT Platform, Non-Functional IT and Automation requirements across all CC business value streams.
Take lead of defining product vision and roadmap for scrum team and communicate with stakeholders throughout the process.
Work with internal and external contacts to analyze needs and align product roadmap to strategic goals.
Work closely with product management/business teams to create and maintain a product backlog according to business value and priorities.
Responsible for delivering budget and cost management across the IT Platforms
Ensure that the product backlog is visible, transparent, and clear to all, and shows what the Scrum team will work on next.
Engage in scaled agile practices and coordinate with other Product owners (as needed) to promote cross-team alignment around product roadmaps and dependencies.
Plan and prioritize product feature backlog and development for the product including change and incident management.
Develop detailed product specifications and ensure they’re clearly understood by the teams.
Actively mitigate roadblocks impacting successful team completion of release/sprint goals.
Lead product release planning with technical and business stakeholders and set expectation for delivery of new functionalities.
Serve as the product ambassador internally and externally, sharing knowledge and answering questions related to the product.
Manages the relationship with a group of stakeholders on a tactical level and handle conflicting interests well.
Empowered to make decisions and deliver on them.
Keep up with agile/scrum best practices and trends.
Kapcsolattartó / Information
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
 Brand new office at an excellent location
 Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
 A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary Kft													
Budapest
Nincs meghatározva
 IT management
Lejárati dátum: 2023-04-21 16:10:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióIT Product Owner
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaIT management
Hasznos linkek
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
IT Állások iparág szerint
Adatbázis szakértő, Analyst állások
Back-end fejlesztő állások
Front-end fejlesztő állások
Full-stack fejlesztő állások
Design és grafika állások
IT management állások
IT / Dev architect  állások
Rendszer / Hálózat, DevOps állások
SAP állások
Szoftverfejlesztő állások
Tesztelés állások
Egyéb IT pozik állások
Mérnöki / Ipari programozás állások
IT Support állások
Mobil fejlesztő állások
Gyakornok állások
Mesterséges intelligencia állások
ITPeople.hu
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
ITPeople állások
