ITPeople.hu
 Facebook
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Állások
Álláskereső belépés
Munkáltató belépés
Álláshirdetés feladása
Blog
Kapcsolat
 itpeople facebook
itpeople
 Facebook
Álláshirdetés feladása
Belépés/Regisztráció
Munkáltató
Álláskereső
Állások
Projektmunkák
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Közösség
Kapcsolat
Solution Architect állás Budapest
SQL
SAP
SAP állások 
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentOur Business Service Center is a German family-owned automotive company, and they would like to represent themselves also in the Hungarian market. They are planning to hire 350 new employees, and it will have a brand new office in Budapest. New colleagues will have a chance to join a new company and to make decisions in professional topics. These employees who add their own ideas would be prioritized by the management of the company. Fluent English is necessary to use for everyday work.Elvárások / Requirements
Qualifications
Three or more years of relevant technical and business experience in shop floor applications and data management.
Experience in the design, implementation and operation of data replication and data warehousing solutions.
Practical experience in SQL is required and further experiences in SDI, HANA, SAP BW and SAP Analytics Cloud are welcome.
Ideally experience in project and requirements management as well as agile methods.
Good English skills (spoken and written).
Positive and integrative collaboration skills, establishing strong supportive relationships across all departments.
Experienced working in an international, virtual team.
Basic willingness to travel (approx. 5-10%).
Amit kínálunk / OfferOverall Purpose of Job:
You will accompany our client on its way to becoming a digital company.
As a Solution Architect in manufacturing digitalization, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing manufacturing solutions for all the business units. After deep diving into the current IT landscape used on the global company's shop floors, you will be working as a Solution Architect within this environment with a focus on Global Data Hub, our solution to make manufacturing data available to standard reporting and for individual analysis.
This involves working closely with business analysts and stakeholders to understand the business needs, the creation and maintenance-on of technical and functional documentation, and the realization of changes either by working hands-on or in close collaboration with the IT team.
Our Solution Architects in manufacturing digitalization also stay up to date with the latest features and functionality of the related technology stack and may recommend new features to our business clients.
This requires a strong understanding of manufacturing processes as well as the technology stack in data replication, data warehousing and reporting on the other hand, as well as excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
As a solution architect in manufacturing digitalization, you must be able to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, and be committed to continuous learning and professional growth.
Main tasks, roles and responsibilities:
Translate business requirements into a solution design and align it with business analysts, business stakeholders and the other solution architects of the manufacturing digitalization portfolio.
Apply proof of concepts and solutions by performing the required landscape changes or by creating the necessary data preparations and reports.
Perform the initial testing before handing the solution to the business team.
Align with the in-house teams responsible for SAP-SDI, SAP-HANA, SAP BW and SAP SAC.
Manage external consultants or developers.
Advice the customer on both operational and strategic matters related to Global Data Hub.
Support the community of users in their daily work by solving incidents and handling service requests.
Extend the Global Data Hub with new data sources or production sites and establish monitoring to guarantee operations.
Participate in international projects including the S/4 HANA initiatives.
Kapcsolattartó / Information
Professional development opportunities
Competitive salary
Dynamic atmosphere
Home-office possibility
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary Kft													
Budapest
Nincs meghatározva
 SAP
Lejárati dátum: 2023-06-06 08:00:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióSolution Architect
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaSAP
Hasznos linkek
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
IT Állások iparág szerint
Adatbázis szakértő, Analyst állások
Back-end fejlesztő állások
Front-end fejlesztő állások
Full-stack fejlesztő állások
Design és grafika állások
IT management állások
IT / Dev architect  állások
Rendszer / Hálózat, DevOps állások
SAP állások
Szoftverfejlesztő állások
Tesztelés állások
Egyéb IT pozik állások
Mérnöki / Ipari programozás állások
IT Support állások
Mobil fejlesztő állások
Gyakornok állások
Mesterséges intelligencia állások
ITPeople.hu
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
ITPeople állások
