ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Senior Java Engineer 
Our worldwide-known partner is one of the market leading bookmaker companies in the gambling industry with clients from over 150 countries. They work with high-end technology developed internally and are growing dynamically, currently baring an international workforce of 400+. Employees are supported and provided with flexible working conditions and learning opportunities.
                Feladatok / Tasks
Create software on real-time backend applications and platform.
Write code with focus on usability, simplicity, performance and scalability. We have a global footprint.
Participate in the full development cycle, from innovation to code-reviews to delivery to production.
Create and maintain quality software using best practices in a continuous integration and delivery environment.
Rewrite, refactor and fine-tune code.
                Amit nyújtunk / Offer
They have a state-ofthe art office space.
They work in a dynamic, collaborative, equal opportunity, non-hierarchical and ego-free culture where your talent is valued.
They commit to continuous improvement.
They value diversity and reward initiative.
Cafeteria and healthcare insurance
The first 10 days of the sick leave is paid fully in 100%
Opportunity to take only a half-day (4 hours) day off
Core time between 10-16 and flexible besides that
Unlimited subscription for Udemy and opportunity of participating in conferences and trainings
English lesson during working hours with a British teacher
Elvárások: 
3+ years experience with Java (preferably Java 8)
Experience with Spring framework (spring-boot, spring-data, spring-integration, etc.)
Experience in Java middleware architectures – concurrency, message and service orientated architectures are your playground. Technologies as Apache Kafka, ActiveMQ and REST APIs are key part of the design.
Experience in chaching solutions and in-memory data processing (hazelcast).
Desired experience with DevOps and CloudOps environments – from containers to CI/CD tot he Cloud. Familiar with key technologies around Docker, CI/CD pipelines and SWS/GCP clued providers.
Ideally experience with Vaadin and Drools frameworks.
A solid engineer – your a good problem solver with attention to detail and critical thinking skills. You find somenting magical about solving problems with elegant but simple solutions.
A good communicator – you communicate enthusiastically, clearly and concisely with both technical and non-technical staff.
A keen learner – your are up-to-date and capable of keeping the pace with the latest trends and technologies. You are ok with leaving your comfort-zone frequently.
You are hands on, passionate, persistens, creative, and humble. You get things done.
Jelentkezem
