Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Frontend Developer (Budapest)
Senior Frontend Developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Senior Frontend Developer
Feladatok
Participate in an international team rolling out a manufacturing execution system globally
Contribution to the implementation and development of business applications
Responsible for reliability and quality of implemented applications
Strong collaboration with solution architects and development team
Design, develop and maintain web applications
Contribution to continuous improvement of the development guidelines and documentation
Contribution to continuous improvement of development methodology and processes
Maintain, support and optimize the already installed solutions in our plants all over the world
Elvárások
Profound education in Computer Science, Information Technology or Information Systems (Master, Bachelor or comparable) or equivalent working experience
Excellent skills and 5+ years of development experience in web development frameworks / libraries (e.g. React, Vue)
Excellent skills in JavaScript, JSON, XML, HTML5, CSS, REST & SOAP services
Excellent English in spoken and written
Advantage:
Experience with OData services
Experience with TypeScript
Experience with Git / Azure DevOps (CI/CD)
Experience with containerization (e.g. Docker)
Personality:
Good communication and problem-solving skills
Proactivity
Result-oriented and practical thinking
Ability and willingness to learn new things quickly
Efficient, independent and team-oriented form of work
Amit kínálunk
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Workplace
Budapest
Thyssenkrupp Components Technology Hungary Ltd. Daróczi str. 1-3., H-1113 Budapest   |  Phone: +36 (1) 505-9159  |  Fax: +36 (1) 505-9101  |  www.thyssenkrupp.hu
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Software Engineer on network field (REF223C)
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver és szoftver integrációs tesztmérnök
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer for Cloud of Things (REF542I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
