Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Lead Java Developer (REF883E) (Budapest)
Lead Java Developer (REF883E) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Lead Java Developer (REF883E)
This position is filled in the Data Intelligence BU in the Digital Solutions portfolio unit of T-Systems International GmbH. The Data Economy chapter focuses on the development of the Telekom Data Intelligence Hub (DIH). We use the full range of data sources, from IoT to social media, to create sustainable innovation/value from the use of data and AI building blocks. Our solutions are both the memory and the brain of digitization. We use state-of-the-art open-source technologies and reference architectures from the IDS and GAIA-X environment. Always with the goal of bringing our customers' digitization strategies to success in the context of data spaces. As Germany's largest digital service provider, we shape the digital world together with our customers in a constantly growing market.
Main tasksTake part in creating software solutions in scaled agile environment (Less, SAFe) as a member of a cross functional teamBuild cloud hosted, micro-services Java/Kotlin applications considering holistic business requirements and implications along the entire development process Write scalable and maintainable codeEnsure quality in every aspect of your work, from writing and maintaining documentation, doing code reviews or testingCollaborate with other teams in an international environment (Germany, Hungary, Russia, India)Professional leadership and coordination of developers Required skillsBachelor or master’s degree in the following areas: Computer science, Engineering or Information Technology or equivalent work experience in IT3-5 years of overall IT experience of which majorly in technologies involving Java frameworks, SQL and NoSQL databases, Cloud services, Big Data technologiesExpert coding skills specially in Java and other related popular programming languagesParsing and serializing/deserializing JSON messagesPersistence handling (persisting data at rest), relational databases OAuth, Linked Data Platforn, LDP NotificationsInterface implementation RESTUnit testing (JUnit etc.)Integration of REST interfaces Security related coding; Token signature verification (JSON Web Signatures),  Audit log message integrity protection (Signatures, Linked Data Proofs), Verifiable Credentials, cryptographic protocolsPractical experience and understanding of Load balancing, service integrity, and operations Experience developing service/microservice oriented applicationsLeadership and good coordination skillsExperience with CI toolsNoSQLGood English written and oral skills, German is a plus     
Expert
Nice to have Understanding of current version of Gaia-X specifications and architectureKubernetes experience* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Java Developer for Cloud of Things (REF521E)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Fullstack developer (AFC)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Java Architect - Software Architect - PLM area (REF399Q)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Java Developer (REF883E)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
