Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
AWS Data Architect - REF339V (Budapest)
AWS Data Architect - REF339V (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
AWS Data Architect - REF339V
Tasks
Create Architectural designs for workloads migrating to AWS
Perform AWS Well-Architected Reviews
Create Infrastructure as a Code for AWS services as per the Architecture designs
Create CI/CD Pipelines for automated deployments.
Develop Serverless architecture designs in AWS
Day-to-day AWS support to the customers
Produce Containerisation solutions on AWS
Produce documentation for technical implementations in AWS
Working closely with DevOps teams to ensure security is a large focus and help to build a true DevSecOps culture
Requirements
Delivering exciting and innovative data solutions, propositions, and services for our clients
AWS Analytic Services (e.g. Athena, RDS, Redshift, Glue, EMR, Kinesis, Data Pipeline, MSK)
Python, Spark, SQL
Experience of developing enterprise grade ETL/data pipelines with cloud native tools or other tools like Informatica and Talend
Technical and practical insight to how clients might manage data more effectively to drive opportunities and manage risk across their business
Ability to translate business requirements into plausible technical solutions for articulation to other development staff
Deep understanding of data manipulation/wrangling techniques
Experience building and deploying solutions to Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google) including Cloud provisioning tools (e.g. Terraform)
Produce technical reference guides for customer implementations
Fluent in English
Nice to have:
Snowflake, Hadoop, NoSQL, Neo4j, and Spark Streaming
Experience using development and deployment technologies, for instance virtualisation and management (eg Vagrant, Virtualbox), continuous integration tools (eg Jenkins), configuration management tooling (eg Ansible) and containerisation technologies (eg Docker, Kubernetes, Swarm)
Deep expertise in AWS services across Security, Identity, Compliance, Management, Governance, and Networking
Experience designing analytics deliveries and planning projects (customer facing)
Relevant AWS Certifications
German language (not mandatory)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
