Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
IT Quality and Process Manager (REF1402R) (Budapest)
IT Quality and Process Manager (REF1402R) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
Minőségbiztosítás
Gyártás, műszaki terület
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
IT Quality and Process Manager (REF1402R)
As an IT Quality and Process Manager for the "Central IT Management" you are responsible for the operational management and further development of internal IT projects and department dedicated IT topics. This includes cooperation with the relevant roles in Global Delivery, DT IT and the Local Business Unit. The service orientation for our customer projects is the main focus in order to support the implementation and execution of customer orders as standardized and efficient as possible. This all compliant to external as well as company standards. 
Main tasks: 
Operational support for the central IT management (IT applications, IT infrastructure, IT processes) 
Management and operational execution of internal IT projects and initiatives 
Close collaboration and support of the process management functions (project management, service management, software engineering) for the constant further development and improvement of their services 
Requirements
University degree, ideally with an IT specialization 
At least 5 years of proven professional experience in an operational IT area or a comparable activity 
Basic experience and knowledge and willingness to build additional knowledge in following areas 
IT project business in the area of software development and application management 
tools used in IT project and service management 
technical collaboration of virtual teams 
Distinctive global, international intercultural skills and proven professional experience 
Strong analytical and conceptual skills combined with high customer and solution orientation 
Flexibility and ability to quickly familiarize yourself with new demands and to deliver reliable results on time, even under high time pressure 
High commitment and sense of responsibility 
Distinctive mentality for "sharing", transparent way of working and willingness to cooperate on a global level 
Fluent written and spoken English 
Good knowledge of "virtual working and collaboration" (O365, Sharepoint, WebEx,...) 
Location
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - REF1436I
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - Experienced (REF1362F)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operation Manager Agile (PowerBI) (REF1406L)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Service Delivery Manager|Senior (REF427S)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF1229O
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
