Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Magenta View - Backend developer (REF1195A) (Budapest)
Magenta View - Backend developer (REF1195A) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Magenta View - Backend developer (REF1195A)
Magenta View, a new integrated tile-based frontend overlaying our legacy CRM systems for fixed net and mobile customers, supporting the customer dialog in sales and service by supplying all relevant customer information to our customer care and shop agents and allowing them to better understand the needs of our customers.
In Team Green focus would be on customer contact management tile and customer interaction history tile, but also a Party Interaction Management API with Mongo DB behind it to store and provide the customer interaction data.
Must have: (ordered by priority)
Very good knowledge and expertise with the following technology stack: Spring Framework, Spring Boot in particular
Expert level in writing microservices using Java 8 or higher
Unit testing, Integration testing
Experience with Continuous Integration and Delivery tooling, Understanding on DevOps
REST, OpenAPI, Swagger
Developing low latency and high throughput microservices (JVM, Spring, AWS, Postgres. MongoDB)
Ability to understand business requirements and implement detailed functional and technical specifications required to satisfy the same
Very good and fluent English in writing and speaking (at least B2). German or Russian will be a bonus
Good communication and interpersonal skill set
Participating in team-focused developer work; making reviews, collaborating with as well as coaching other team members
Nice to have:
Delivery tooling: GitLab CI, K8s, Docker, GitHub actions, Gradle, etc
Experience with Spring Webflux
Experience with researching, designing, implementing, and managing software applications and features in AWS cloud
Ability to take leadership and full ownership of project / product features to implement and provide bug fixes
Experience with the utilizing and implementing various test cases and evaluations
Experience with monitoring and maintaining the application code quality and security from development to production
Experience with writing code that meets company and industry standards and delivers desired functionality
Working experience in Agile development practices
Very good experience in software design, development and maintenance
Ability to lead technical discussions
Ability to enjoy the work, have fun and a feeling of pride in the work
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
