Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Technical Product Manager for HR projects - REF1494J (Budapest)
Technical Product Manager for HR projects - REF1494J (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Technical Product Manager for HR projects - REF1494J
Tasks:
Management of complex HR IT solutions, processes and technical products along the product lifecycle in a global setup for the HR headquarter of DT
Continuos analysis of market trends and the competitive situation in (HR) IT and evaluation of new vendors, technologies and standards on the market
Setup of a trend radar for the respective HR IT solutions and constant filling of an innovation pipeline (technology scouting)
Translation of strategic business goals into IT solutions and concrete product specifications to help drive the HR agenda and unleash the potential of our DT workforce
Development of HR IT product implementation and rollout strategies in an international context across different segments and local business units
Leading agile IT teams and setting up strategic projects to pilot and globally rollout new HR IT solutions
Continuous improvement and optimisation (as well as further digitalization) of existing HR products, process and interfaces
Support in setting up a clear IT architecture and strategy vision for HR (together with the HR architects)
Understanding that “data is the new oil” and helping to develop the new HR data strategy and making meaningful use of existing HR data/data lakes across the different platforms and data silos
Requirements: 
Proven experience in the development, rollout and maintenance of large-scale IT platforms, preferably in the area of HR IT solutions (e.g. SAP SuccessFactors, other Talent Management solutions etc.)
Know-how about current market trends in ICT, including technology scouting with 3rd-party vendors and innovation pipeline building
“Hunger” to innovate and develop the digital future of HR and HR data-driven analytics (ideally with experiences in fields like AI, XR, Data analytics, Cloud Computing & SaaS etc.)
Setting up and managing (strategic) IT projects, including proper communication and stakeholder management on different hierarchy levels and on global scale
Experience about proactive Risk Management in large-scale IT projects and using agile approaches to develop fast and adapt quickly
Clear vision and experience on how to digitize business processes and translate business strategy and requirements into IT solutions
Preferably also experience in management- or IT consulting/ Business Consulting in general
Experienced in leading and facilitating agile teams (e.g. according to SAFe framework, Scrum etc.) & respective training/certififcation (Product Owner, Scrum Master, RTE etc.)
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
