Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cloud Application Operation (Budapest)
Cloud Application Operation (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
Cloud Application Operation "DevOps Engineer" - REF122O
You build it, you run it!
To support a German government contract we are seeking a high profile DevOps team to build up and support a system with 80Million users. In the ramp up phase we seek the skill overkill to assure the best possible service from the start. The skills required are based on DevOps principles and specific toolset. Some elements as on call are very well known not desired by many, but a true DevOps has the mentality to build it as good, that he never has to wake up at night.
Are you up to the task?
Conception, implementation, operation and documentation for cloud projects, solutions and products
Customer consulting on cloud architecture and intensive collaboration with developers and internal departments of customers around agile DevOps and operational processes
Collobaration and controlling in DevOps topics for agile methods (consulting and operations projects)
Deployment Automation with Infrastructure-as-Code and configuration management tools
Conception, enhancements and optimization for continuous integration, continuous delivery
Application transformation using cloud-native-architecture
Improvement of availability and performance
Support for simple programming tasks (Python, Java)
Perform health checks, optimize monitoring and executing deployments in cloud environments
Troubleshooting and participation in call readiness
Presentation of concepts and solutions for the customer
Requirements:
Successfully completed study of computer science or comparable graduation respectively professional experience in comparable position
Deep experience in DevOps environment (git, Jenkins/GitLab)
Basic knowledge in ITIL
Programming experience in Python, Java or other programming languages
Very good basic knowlege in handling with Linux
Experience with automation tools like Ansible or Terraform
Experience with NGINX, KONG, Redis, Postgres, Docker, Jenkins, Grafana und Prometheus
Experience in cloud environment / cloud technologies (Azure, Kubernetes, Docker)
Logical reasoning and pro active solution finding on a technical level
Willingness to travel
Knowledge of infrastructure capabilities (network, VMs, OS)
Good knowledge about SM9, CMDB, ... (intern tools)
Can create structured documentation
Willingness for on-call service
English language skills
Soft skills:
Customer-oriented thinking and handling (service)
Ability to communicate and work under pressure
Poise, teamwork, flexibility and initiative
Senior
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Software Engineer on network field (REF223C)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced/Senior Data Engineer (REF1343L)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
