Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Solution Engineer with DevOps (REF304U) (Budapest)
Solution Engineer with DevOps (REF304U) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Solution Engineer with DevOps (REF304U)
Our Swiss counterpart would like to increase the staffing for a team already is established internationally on two locations (Switzerland and Hungary), who are responsible for various products for the full scope of operations in a DevOps methodology.The main products in this role you will be responsible for is Hashicorp Vault and Red-Hat Single Sign on.We are looking for people on different expertise levels to fill in our ranks. Your tasks would be:Understanding the products in its full scope support to be able to the developers of the customer with quick problem solutions or with consultancy sessions Learn to operate and improve our environments using newest technologies on the DevOps toolset such as: Hybrid cloud (Open Telekom Cloud), Redhat Openshift Enterprise, Hashicorp Terraform, Jenkins, Argo CD, Tekton, Bitbucket, JiraWork in Agile SaFe methodologySupport the continous development of our tools and CI/CD pipelines, deliver service improvementsCommit yourself to further develop your skillset into new technologies 
At least 2-5 years of experience working with applications in enterprise IT (software development experience is a plus) Understanding of Cloud Infrastructure, DevOps, CI/CD pipelines and productsFluent English (German is a plus)  
Multiple
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
