Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Multilingual Service Desk Analyst (Budapest)
Multilingual Service Desk Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
pályakezdő /tapasztalat nélkül
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
görög - középfokú
holland - középfokú
portugál - középfokú
spanyol - középfokú
olasz - középfokú
francia - középfokú
német - középfokú
Do you have good analytical skills and a result-oriented mindset? Are you ready to kickstart your career in a multilingual environment where you can use your language skills on a daily basis? Would you like to work for one of the largest providers of information technology, consulting services and business process outsourcing? If your answer is YES, perfect!  
Join one of the worlds biggest multinational companies in Budapest as a Service Desk Analyst! 
We are looking for fresh grads with strong language knowledge or candidates with 1-3 years of experience!
Multilingual Service Desk Analyst
Feladatok
As a Service Desk Analyst (Level 1) you will resolve IT issues for our multinational customers together with your colleagues in an international team.
They will contact you via email, phone, chat or a self-service portal and your task will be to support them  by resolving the issue on the spot or by coordinating with other technician teams (Level 2) to find the resolution.
Besides IT troubleshooting, your responsibilities will include administration and translation of these incoming requests, providing information to both customers and IT teams and follow-up on unresolved cases to make sure that the teams targets are met.
Követelmények
You are the perfect candidate if you:
have confident level of English knowledge and fluent level of German/French/Italian/Dutch/Polish/Greek
feel enthusiastic about answering questions and providing support to international partner
Advantages:
Customer Service / Service Desk / IT support experience
Knowledge of computer hardware/peripherals and printers
Any previous experience or studies related to Windows operating system, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Outlook and other standard software
Amit kínálunk
We offer a colourful and dynamic work environment with:
a great diversity of nationalities, cultures and business areas: almost 50% of our team is international; your colleagues are from 80 countries.
Language courses: You will have the opportunity to learn new languages or improve existing language skills. Enrol for our free language courses provided by accredited language school and practice your freshly gained knowledge on a daily basis with your team.
Training: Are you concerned about your IT skills? Are you a comfortable home user of todays technologies and have interest and affinity to learn more about IT? We are ready to provide the technical and soft skill training necessary to be successful in your position. In addition, you will have access to various well-known online learning platforms.
Internal rotations in-between professional areas and promotions: As the company is growing continuously, you will have an opportunity to choose your own career path. Our team will support your aspiration in your future personal and professional development.
Volunteering, sport and employee events: You will be part of a great community where you can engage in various sports, social responsibility activities, student or employee events while making nice memories with your teammates.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Microsoft Application Administrator - Skype for Business, Teams (REF974Y)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Solution Manager - REF144R
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator - Azure Operations Manager
Thyssenkrupp -
IT helpdesk munkatárs
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
