Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
SAP BW/4HANA supporter (Budapest)
SAP BW/4HANA supporter (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
engineering. tomorrow. together.
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
SAP BW/4HANA supporter
Tasks
Development of BI backend applications in BW/4HANA
Data acquisition and integration
Persistent data models and data flows
Virtual data flows
ABAP and HANA AMDP Routines
Development and adaption of source system extraction: ODP SAP and CDS Views
Implementation of data tearing and data lifecycle
Development and adaption BI queries, reports in Analysis for Office and SAP Analytics Cloud
Support and co-work on development and maintenance of BW/4HANA authorizations
Monitoring of process queues and data load processes
Requirements
3+ years of experience in SAP BW, BW/4HANA (or BWonHANA) development
Fluent English knowledge
BSc/MSc degree in computer science or business informatics or equivalent
Profound knowledge of BW/4HANA, BW Modelling Tools & Eclipse, CDS Views and/or ABAP
Rollout experience
Ability to follow development guidelines
Willingness to travel (for the project kick-off)
Autonomous and self-reliant way of working
Experience with BI Frontend, Analysis for Office and SAP Analytics Cloud would be preferred
German language is a plus
Offers
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Workplace: Budapest
Thyssenkrupp Components Technology Hungary Ltd. Daróczi str. 1-3., H-1113 Budapest   |  www.thyssenkrupp.hu
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP ABAP Developer - Specialist
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
ABAP Developer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
SAP Fejlesztő CRM/CI/CC (REF1385F)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
ABAP Developer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
SAP Fejlesztő CRM/CI/CC (REF1385F)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
