Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z (Budapest)
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Multinational corporations and public institutions are our customers. We are getting the economy and society ready for the gigabit society. All over the world. With a global infrastructure of data centers, networks and integrated solutions. Are you interested in the networked future? Then show us your innovative strength.
Are you interested in exciting topics? Then join us: The Public Cloud Product Unit operates on a national and international level, for medium-sized and large companies. With the new Managed Services for the Public Cloud, we develop, market and operate agile, cloud-native, future-oriented products and services for the digital world. The market leaders Google, Microsoft, VMware and Amazon Web Services are our partners. We inspire our customers with our consulting, development and service services.
Your new task:
As a GCP Consultant you will take on exciting tasks in the rapidly developing Cloud environment from the very beginning. You like to work proactively and agilely, you like to be one step ahead technologically, you understand the developments in the area of Cloud Native Applications and Container Technologies? You like to work with the latest tools from the Open Source community? Then join our team and actively shape the development of our practice for the Google Cloud Platform (GCP)!
What awaits you with us:
You are responsible for the technical solution architecture and the development of our new Value Add Services
You will drive and promote the necessary architecture discussions to ensure that our solutions meet all Cloud Native Application Development requirements
Together with your colleagues you will take responsibility for the realization and implementation of our Value Add Services on the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) - 100%-Cloud only!
You will bring yourself and your experience into the development process in our cross-functional and international team and you will be jointly responsible for the Value Add Services developed
You provide a stable and efficient CI / CD toolchain
GCP Services, focusing on:
Anthos, GKE
Compute Engine, App Engine
BigQuery
StackDriver
Cloud Interconnect, Cloud VPN
Cloud Deployment Manager
Requirements:
5+ years of professional experience in the IT industry or telecommunications; ideally you already have extensive experience with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or other Hyperscaler platforms (AWS, Azure, etc.)
Distinctive practical expertise in software development and in setting up micro-service architectures, preferably in a national and international environment and in cooperation in intercultural teams
A lot of curiosity and a high interest in the latest technologies, especially in cloud, agile methods and DevOps; willingness to enter unknown territory, to make mistakes and to learn from them together.
Highly motivated and persuasive; track record in delivering results even in conflictual situations
Fluent English
Nice to have:
Google Cloud Certification
German is an advantage
Senior
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Cloud Application Operation 
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
