Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior software engineer (Budapest)
Senior software engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Senior software engineer
Feladatok/Tasks:
Design and implementation of application software components and functions for real-time embedded systems
Analysis and breakdown of customer requirements and specifications to system/ function and software level
Development of system/function design
Development of software requirements specification for function and allocation to the component
Development of software components mainly using C
Development of component tests
Integration of the components to create a fully functional software package
Integrating third party solutions into our system
Participation in planning of the team's work according to our development processes
Collaboration with internal and external partners like other software developers, test department, customer team etc.
Be a valuable part of our expert organization
Elvárások/Requirements:
University degree (BSc, MSc, PhD) in a technical field: Computer Science, Electrical Engineering
Expertise in embedded software development in C
Keen on integration to an international team
Self-driven manner in reaching project targets
Good problem-solving attitude and creativity
Communication level English knowledge
Extras you may bring:
Proven record of experience in the automotive software development methodologies (ASPICE, V-model, software architectures, version management, requirements management, etc.)
Familiarity with automotive specific standards and tools like: AUTOSAR, CAN. LIN, UML, DOORS etc.
Further foreign language knowledge is in addition an advantage
Ajánlatok/Offers:
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Software Engineer on network field (REF223C)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer for Cloud of Things (REF542I)
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver és szoftver integrációs tesztmérnök
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
