Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF1229O (Budapest)
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF1229O (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF1229O
Open Telekom Cloud is the public cloud offering of T-Systems International with two large scale data centers in Germany and in the Netherlands. European companies and institutions usually choose OTC, because it is offering the highest security and the strictest data protection according to the GDPR from a German provider. We use open standards such as OpenStack enabling maximum flexibility and security for the future. No wonder that OTC has become a real alternative of hyperscalers in Europe, with ever increasing capacities and with doubling revenue year over year.
We are looking for an experienced and passionate people lead, who is able to take over the lead and govern our growing team.
The team is distributed into two sub units:
a squad with operation and engineering tasks, developing their own product on top of the Open Telekom Cloud. The portfolio contains the management of operating systems, applications and databases in the cloud, offering these services for small, medium and large sized customers of the Open Telekom Cloud.
a hub containing multiple squads focusing on End-to-End customer experience and providing product and service delivery management.
The team members are located in three different locations in Hungary, at Budapest, Debrecen and Szeged. Therefore the willingness to travel and a great online presence supported by the ability to use collaboration tools is a must have to be effective in the role.
Major stakeholders are from Germany and Hungary, the business language is English but German is a big advantage and occasionally preferable.
Job Description:
Ensuring the fulfillment of the team’s expected service level
Managing performance and skill evaluations of employees together with stakeholders
Setting up and tracking career paths to enable personal development in accordance with business goals
Leading employees with various professional competencies
Managing daily operational tasks
Monitoring the execution of tasks, ensuring the appropriate workload / work distribution within the team
Managing resources (work schedules, holidays, substitution plans)
Employee lifecycle management including: hiring, selection of talents, performing job interviews, onboarding, regular dialogues with employees, continuous development
Transferring operational and other relevant business information towards the team
Ensuring welfare of the team: enabling efficient team work and conflict handling
Tracking the productivity and operational performance of the team, setting targets, executing corrective actions when needed
Ensuring the efficient use of corporate assets; applying proper processes, methodologies and standards
Taking the roles specified in Document Handling Policy or agreed elsewhere and the execution of the related tasks
Willingness to travel (regularly 2-3 locations in Hungary and monthly/quarterly meetings in Germany, when not restricted by pandemic situation)
Handling of occasional management processes (self-governance and responsibility)
Performing work in international teams, in an integrated, virtual work environment
Cost & capacity management
Participating in the elaboration and realization of the business unit’s strategy and goals
Requirements
Min. 3+ years of relevant professional experience, college degree is not a must but it is an advantage
People management and leadership skills
Experience in managing medium (20+) sized groups
General knowledge of IT and Public Cloud concepts:
High level understanding of cloud computing, operating systems, applications and databases, IT basics, etc.
Experience or high level understanding of operational services
General understanding of business concepts and frameworks:
ITIL
Agile / SCRUM
Problem solving skills
Agile mindset
Ability to work in complex working environment
Ability to motivate and instruct co-workers and delegating tasks
Self-dependence and responsibility
Flexibility
Team-player attitude
Good communication skills
Language: 
Fluent English knowledge (C1)
German is an advantage
Location
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - REF1436I
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator (REF1491J)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI1- EDG_BNG) (REF219H)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operation Manager Agile (PowerBI) (REF1406L)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
IT Quality and Process Manager (REF1402R)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
