Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Junior DevOps Engineer dealing with Austrian Customers (REF1339C) (Budapest)
Junior DevOps Engineer dealing with Austrian Customers (REF1339C) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Junior DevOps Engineer dealing with Austrian Customers (REF1339C)
DevOps, Engineer, Agile, Ansible, Terraform, Docker, Container, Kubernetes, k8s, Rancher, Openshift, Operation, üzemeltetés, monitoring, Jenkins
Looking for conscientious and engaged people with a keen interest in IT, who wants to take part in introducing and building up the DevOps way of work for our austrian customers.  To offer the most effective operation mode for our customers, our team is supporting and developing the Container based environment.
Your tasks as part of the team will be :
install and configure Container framework components (Docker, Rancher, Kubernetes, Openshift)
use and develop different monitoring stacks (Prometheus, Thanos, Grafana)
develop automation templates for application and platform deployments utilizing tools such as Ansible, Jenkins
automate the container infrastructure tasks (platform deployment, load balancer, DNS, SSL)
administrate and monitor the Container framework
prepare managed services concept for operations, logging, monitoring, backup and reporting the container framework
troubleshoot and resolve the issues within container environment
project support on onboarding, until handover to the operations team
ability to understand the requirements and execution for proof of concepts and evaluation
research new technologies (open source) and vendor products
ability to adapt new technologies and tools like Serverless, Hybrid Cloud
work closely with architects in the Solution Design and other virtual DevOps teams within an Agile/DevOps based team
working in oncall duty
Requirements:
basic Linux administration skills
experience in cloud technologies
experience in Scripting: Linux Shell, Python
fluent verbal and written communication skills in English 
Advantages:
Agile methodology knowledge (eg. SCRUM, Kanban board)
automation, IAC experience (Ansible, Terraform)
experience using GitHub, GitLab, JIRA platforms,  Elastic Search, Fluentd, Terraform
experience with software defined network and storage concepts
german language knowledge
Junior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
