Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cloud DevOps Engineer (REF270Z) (Budapest)
Cloud DevOps Engineer (REF270Z) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 4500 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Cloud DevOps Engineer (REF270Z)
This position is filled in the Data Intelligence BU in the Digital Solutions portfolio unit of T-Systems International GmbH. The Data Economy chapter focuses on the development of the Telekom Data Intelligence Hub (DIH). We use the full range of data sources, from IoT to social media, to create sustainable innovation/value from the use of data and AI building blocks. Our solutions are both the memory and the brain of digitization. We use state-of-the-art open-source technologies and reference architectures from the IDS and GAIA-X environment. Always with the goal of bringing our customers' digitization strategies to success in the context of data spaces. As Germany's largest digital service provider, we shape the digital world together with our customers in a constantly growing market.
Main tasks
setup CI/CD pipelines for microservices
create deployment scripts for applications
create and maintain infrastructure solutions and Infrastructure as Code scripts
support testers with test automation setup
create monitoring solutions for application and infrastructure
create releases and deploy them to production
support developers with build automation and ci/cd
ensure applications are provided in zero downtime manner
ensure schedule and commitments are met
act as 3rd level support in case of incidents
working in an agile environment with cross-functional teams and DevOps working mode
Background and required skills:
Bachelor or Master’s degree in the following areas: Computer science, Engineering or Information Technology or equivalent work experience in IT
Excellent knowledge in the following topics: Dealing with agile process models, scaling in an agile environment (Scrum of Scrum, SAFe), as well as proven experience in the application of Scrum, Kanban, Design Thinking and/or other agile methods
3+ years of DevOps or Infrastructure Engineering experience
experience with build and packaging tools like maven, gradle, npm, yarn
experience witch CI/CD pipelines
experience with IaC (Ansible, Puppet, Terraform)
experience with GitOps Approach
experience maintaining and deploying to Kubernetes (managed/unmanaged on cloud, on premises)
experience with public clouds (Azure, AWS, Google)
good understanding of networks esp. in cloud environments
knowledge of microservices architecture and cloud native designs
good English written and oral skills. German is a plus
Tools experience:
git
Gitlab CI/CD (or other pipelines engines, e.g. gocd, jenkins, circle ci etc.)
GitOps Tools (e.g. ArgoCD, FluxCD)
Monitoring tools like ELK Stack, Grafana Stack, Prometheus, etc.
Any modern IDE (ItelliJ IDEA, VS Code, etc.)
Jira, Confluence
Strong communication skills and excellent written and verbal communication competences in English 
Eagerness to continually learn, grow and improve in a collaborative team environment
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
