Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Java Developer for Global Cloud Project (Budapest)
Java Developer for Global Cloud Project (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Java Developer for Global Cloud Project
Feladatok/Tasks:
Your goal is to bring out the best in you and to continuously develop your skills? Do you have a passion for cutting-edge technologies, frameworks & architectures?
We are looking for a Cloud (full stack) Developer to join our development team, which realizes the digital visions of the executive area, i.e. the business functions Sales, Engineering, Quality and Legal.
As a developer, you will focus on building software solutions, implementing the latest technologies and shaping the enterprise standards of the future together with the team.
As part of a SCRUM team, you'll work closely with product owners and other developers to build next-generation classic and/or AI-based apps (e.g. in IoT, Analytics, BI, Process Automation).
You will independently design, develop and integrate cloud-native applications using Azure, container technologies, microservice architecture and serverless applications with Azure Functions.
Elvárások/Requirements:
You personally enjoy programming and have already successfully implemented projects.
You have completed or are in the process of completing a degree in computer science or related fields.
You have knowledge of the common software development tools & methods such as GIT and CI/CD pipelines. Ideally you have previous experience with Python/NodeJS/Java/.NET or even React.
You like to work in agile teams, in the context of SCRUM and in the cloud environment.
You can analyze and solve bugs in your code independently, have a good analytical practice and approach problems in a solution-oriented way.
Ajánaltok/Offers:
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Java Developer for Cloud of Things (REF521E)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Fullstack developer (AFC)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Java Architect - Software Architect - PLM area (REF399Q)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Java Developer (REF883E)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Java Developer (REF883E)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
