Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Software Developer (REF244V) (Budapest)
Software Developer (REF244V) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
Software Developer (REF244V)
Our vision: We make Public Cloud Services with their benefits consumable for Tel IT. We provide advice and support the utilization. The team's responsibility is to develop a supplier agnostic solution for cloud administration. With this, application teams can manage their cloud environments in AWS, Azure, OTC and OpenShift themselves and get a new environment within minutes.
As Service Hub in Telekom IT we provide public Cloud platforms & services to be used by applications. We consult the Application owners to select the best cloud option for their environment, we provide trainings and support. In addition, we develop easy-to-use solutions for handling the different cloud capabilities and security obligations.
We work as a SAFe Agile Release Train currently with 10 teams and about 80 people from Germany, Slovakia and Hungary.
Tasks & responsibilities:  
Designing and developing highly reliable and scalable distributed systems that support our supplier agnostic solution for cloud administration.
Working with team members to manage the day-to-day development activities, participate in design, design review, code review, and implementation.
Engaging and working with customers and dependencies to ensure high-quality software delivery.
Maintaining current technical knowledge to support our rapidly changing technology, always on a lookout and implementation for new technology/solutions.
Mentoring other engineers
BSc in computer science (or related) or comparable qualification
Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, JavaScript or Python including object-oriented design
3+ years of experience in web-based software development
Hands-on experience with release systems, versioning systems and CI/CD workflows and tools
Experience with databases (relational/non-relational)
Analytical thinking 
In this role you'll be working on a product that delivers a multitude of Cloud solutions, so advantages in knowing multiple cloud providers' products hands-on is a big advantage.
Senior
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
