Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Backend Developer for IoT HUB (REF576V) (Budapest)
Backend Developer for IoT HUB (REF576V) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Backend Developer for IoT HUB (REF576V)
DT IoT searches for DEV resources for release 2.0 for the digitization of request-to-offer, order-to-cash and usage-to-cash processes. After successful implementation of release 2.0, further enhancement of the contract for release 3.0 is possible.
Tasks:
Order management, product lifecycle management, fulfilment automation and asset management are being automated within DT IoT GmbH.
Frontends for the customer as well as for internal staff creation of new orders and a backend solution for handling product catalog, customer accounts, subscriptions, orders have been released in a version 1.0 in 2021 and now, some further improvements are planned and defined, and the backlog is prepared for short-term implementation in a release 2.0.
The integration with the corporate IT / CRM / ERP systems within DT group is planned for release 3.0.
Technical skills:
2 years’ experience in node.js
Experience with Git, MongoDB, Azure, REST API
Is interested and ready to work in DevOps mode
Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging
Write clean code to develop functional web applications
Troubleshoot and debug applications
Perform UI tests to optimize performance
Collaborate with frontend developers to integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic
Build reusable code and libraries for future use
Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies.
Soft skills:
experience with working in agile projects (Scrum, Kanban)
being curious and capable to learn new things
being creative and proactive with finding new solutions and resolving problems
being able to achieve good results independently and without close supervision
being used to taking responsibility for their work and results
good time management skills
able to organize their own work effectively
communication, collaboration and teamwork are important in our project
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
