Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Node.js Developer for IoT (REF460G) (Budapest)
Node.js Developer for IoT (REF460G) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 4500 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Node.js Developer for IoT (REF460G)
Cloud of Things – Deutsche Telekom's IoT platform
The Cloud of Things is our high-performance, cloud-based IoT application platform for the Internet of Things. You can use it to connect your devices and machines while monitoring and controlling them remotely. Out-of-the-box, no programming or installation (SaaS): Simply connect your devices, configure individual dashboards and get your first IoT project up and running!
The Cloud of Things collects the sensor data of your connected machines in real-time and analyzes it. And you’ll always have an overview of several parameters, such as pressure, RPM, temperature or position in your personal web portal. You’ll also have comprehensive analysis tools at your disposal to gain insights and trigger automated actions. It all makes it extremely easy to develop new business models, increase the efficiency of your systems and processes, reduce downtime and cut costs through predictive maintenance.
Responsibilities:
Develop micro-services in Node.JS, building REST APIs
Creating CI/CD infrastructure in GitLab
Integration with various external systems (Keycloak, vault)
Technical skills:
2 years’ experience in node.js
Experience with Git, MongoDB, Azure
Is interested and ready to work in DevOps mode
Soft skills
experience with working in agile projects (Scrum, Kanban)
being curious and capable to learn new things
being creative and proactive with finding new solutions and resolving problems
being able to achieve good results independently and without close supervision
being used to taking responsibility for their work and results
good time management skills
able to organize their own work effectively
communication, collaboration and team work are important in our project
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
 COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
