Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Product Cybersecurity GRC/Auditor (Budapest)
Product Cybersecurity GRC/Auditor (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Product Cybersecurity GRC/Auditor
Feladatok
Contribute to the execution of Product Cyber Security operations, incident response and investigations by documenting and managing opportunities for process improvement and best practices.
Follow up with issue owners to ensure that documented lessons learned are being tracked and remediated.
Perform Product Cyber Security operations as directed by the standard processes and procedures.
Provide evidence of audit compliance for ISO 27001, ISO 21434 and other Internal Audit requirements.
Leverage the GRC case management solution to meet audit, compliance and legal requirements.
Assist the Product CyberSecurity on Governance, risk and compliance (GRC) management.
Supports team members on risk management requests and provide subject matter expertise.
Elvárások
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electronics, Legal Studies or related field, or equivalent experience
Experience with Cyber Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) and/or Project Management with an emphasis on process improvement
Fluent English knowledge (both written and spoken)
Strong attention to detail by achieving thoroughness and accuracy when accomplishing a task
Excellent written communication skills
Strong work ethic with a bias towards action
Experience with process documentation
Advantage:
Experience with the automotive sector
CRISC, CISM, CISA, CEH CISSP or Security+ certifications
Amit kínálunk
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Workplace
Budapest
Thyssenkrupp Components Technology Hungary Ltd. Daróczi str. 1-3., H-1113 Budapest   |  Phone: +36 (1) 505-9159  |  Fax: +36 (1) 505-9101  |  www.thyssenkrupp.hu
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Solution Administrator- OT-Security (REF805P)
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF482J
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
