Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cloud Devops Engineer (REF923S) (Budapest)
Cloud Devops Engineer (REF923S) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
német - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Cloud Devops Engineer (REF923S)
As a DevOps Engineer you understand the latest developments in the field of Cloud for Linux and Windows, you understand the Cloud network concept and you drive the further development of the OpenStack Cloud platform of the Open Telekom Cloud in the interest of our customers.
Tasks:
You will participate in the development of the Open Telekom Cloud platform operation using agile development methods (DevOps).
You plan and drive automation of operational tasks using common automation frameworks.
You work enthusiastically and hands-on directly on the technology.
You will solve complicated problems in daily operations and implement solutions so that errors do not occur again.
You take care of an adequate monitoring in your area of responsibility and develop tests for our quality assurance.
You will work together with specialists from our team and other Deutsche Telekom teams on the technology topics of Public Cloud, Open Source and Security.
Skills:
Degree in computer science, mathematics, a technical, engineering or natural science subject or a comparable vocational training with many years of professional experience.
Familiarity in automation (Terraform) and experience with web applications (Apache/Nginx/MySQL) are crucial.
2-5 years of professional experience in the ICT sector, ideally with a focus on Cloud Technologies (Public Clouds, preferably OpenStack-based, Terraform) or excellent networking with the relevant OpenSource communities and many years of experience in OpenSource projects.
In-depth knowledge of system technologies (Linux, KVM, Linux Network and Storage, Systemtools) as well as OpenStack and Docker/LXC/LXD container technologies.
Daily routine in handling the Linux-/Unix command line.
Good knowledge of agile development processes as well as experience in the close interaction of development and application operation in the cloud (DevOps, CI/CD, CT).
Experience with modern tools for collaboration in an agile environment (e.g. GitHub, JIRA, Confluence).
Business fluent English&German, written and spoken.
Experience in analyzing and monitoring logs (ELK) and in troubleshooting customer incidents.
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
