Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior DevOps Engineer - REF964D (Budapest)
Senior DevOps Engineer - REF964D (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
Senior DevOps Engineer - REF964D
Senior DevOps Engineer is responsible for entire lifecycle of Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment pipelines and Infrastructure as Code approaches. Takes account and defines automated configuration management, release management, build, test and deployment activities. Provides prototypes and concepts for further automation of assigned technology.
Tasks: 
Designs, develops, tests and implements infrastructure for CI/CD pipelines and IaC.
Manages source code, configuration management, release management, build and deployment activities.
Setups and manages integration with partner applications.
Conducts of performance analyses and tunings as well as error analyses and troubleshooting
Consults and implements new innovative technologies to satisfy innovation strategy.
Creates concepts for further automation of services, processes and/or operating models.
Directly support the project teams in the development, quality assurance accompanying development as well as planning and implementation of product releases
Continuously optimizes the development and system infrastructure.
Provides consulting to project teams on areas of expertise also Prototypes/Proof of Concept solutions.
Researches and develops in assigned technology, determines business requirements, proposes changes and prepares implementation plans
Skills:
Completed studies in mathematics, computer science or training in another technical discipline or similar education/work experience (minimum 5+ years)
Experience in handling and administration of and with Kubernetes
Experience in GitOps principles, workflows and pipelines
Very good Linux skills (RedHat, Ubuntu, CentOS, core OS)
Good knowledge in Network Architecture
Practical experience in the cloud environment and in dealing with IaaS platforms (preferably MS Azure, but Amazon AWS, Google Cloud Platform are also accepted)
Good knowledge of DevOps toolchain (including GitLab/GitHub, Terraform, Ansible)
Experience with monitoring stacks, such as Prometheus, ELK stack or similar
Good programming skills especially in scripting languages (Bash, Python)
Knowledge of agile software / product development methods such as Scrum or Kanban as well as in accompanying a product development team
Experience in the area of operations
Advanced English skills
IT Technical Skills: 
Scripting (Bash, Python)
Linux
OTC / AWS / Azure
Docker
Kubernetes / Openshift 
Git
Jenkins / GitLab
Maven / Gradle
Ansible / Terraform / Puppet
ELK / Prometheus / Incinga
Networking
Security
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Software Engineer on network field (REF223C)
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver és szoftver integrációs tesztmérnök
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer for Cloud of Things (REF542I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
