Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Software Engineer (Budapest)
Senior Software Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
engineering. tomorrow. together.
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Senior Software Engineer
Tasks
Participate in an international team rolling out global solutions for industrial business
Contribution to the implementation and development of business applications
Responsible for reliability and quality of implemented applications
Strong collaboration with solution architects and development team
Design and develop new features based on Java SDK
Maintenance of existing and newly developed applications and features
Contribution to continuous improvement of the development guidelines and documentation
Contribution to continuous improvement of development methodology and processes
Requirements
Profound education in Computer Science, Information Technology or Information Systems (Master, Bachelor or comparable) or equivalent working experience
3+ years of experience in Java development and enterprise solution design/ implementation
3+ years of experience with relational database systems
Experience developing integrated enterprise applications
Experience with source control management systems
Experience with multi-threading and concurrency
Experience with debugging, performance profiling and optimization
Excellent understanding of object-oriented and service-oriented application development concepts
Excellent English in spoken and written
Personality
Sociable personality and communication skills
Highly developed analytical skills and systematic way of working
Independent and proactive way of working
Result-oriented and practical thinking
Willingness to constantly educate oneself
Interested in working in a multicultural environment and team
Offers
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Workplace: Budapest
Thyssenkrupp Components Technology Hungary Ltd. Daróczi str. 1-3., H-1113 Budapest |  www.thyssenkrupp.hu
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
