Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Experienced Network Architect (REF245U) (Budapest)
Experienced Network Architect (REF245U) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Experienced Network Architect (REF245U)
We are building the data centers of the future with the most advanced technologies available in the industry. In the name of continuous improvement, every day there is an opportunity to learn something new.
We work with devices from many manufacturers, so in addition to the classic LAN/WAN technologies, it is also available to work with Firewall and Load Balancer devices. We provide professional training to learn about the newest technologies (e.g. Cisco ACI).
Tasks:
Network planning
Active participation in network projects
Development and testing of systems, resolve errors
Participate in network design and development
3rd level support for the operations team
Network design documentation
Skills:
University/college degree
Fluent English knowledge
CCNP R&S or CCNP Enterprise certificate is preferred
Cisco ACI 
At least 5 years experience of Network Engineering, Operations, Network planning or project work
Network automation and orchestration experience
Microsoft Office, Visio
Advantages:
German language knowledge
Public cloud knowledge (Azure, AWS, GCP)
Knowledge of the following technologies:
CCNP Data Center
Juniper EX, MX, QFX series
Fortigate Firewall 
F5 Load Balancer
Experience in Agile projects and methods 
Technical Project Lead experience
Personality: 
Costumer oriented attitude
Flexibility and personal readiness for action
Excellent problem identification and solving skills
Team-player attitude
Open minded, open for learning
Proactivity
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF482J
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator - Azure Operations Manager
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
