Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cybersecurity project manager (Budapest)
Cybersecurity project manager (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - felsőfokú
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Cybersecurity project manager
Tasks:
Maintaining customer relationship management.
Ensure coverage of internal and customer cybersecurity requirements.
Create and maintain cybersecurity plan in alignment with the project team.
Project status monitoring and reporting towards internal and external stakeholders.
Cybersecurity risk management during the project lifecycle.
Support central business unit team in relevant cybersecurity requirements.
Coordination of cybersecurity assessment/audit
Coordination of V&V activities for cybersecurity requirements.
Coordination of cybersecurity related work product creation according to the standards and regulations (ISO21434, UN-ECE R155/156).
Documentation and improvement of cybersecurity processes and information.
Requirements:
University degree in management or relevant technical field.
1+ years of experience in project management or in relevant field.
Experience at least 2 of the following areas: automotive / project management / cybersecurity
Knowledge of automotive cybersecurity regulations and standards (e.g. ISO21434, UN-ECE R155/156).
Excellent level of English in written and verbal.
Soft skills:
Customer communication
Proactivity
Able to adapt in new situations
Technical competencies:
Basic cryptographic knowledge (e.g. authentication, digital signature, encryption methods)
Willingness to gain knowledge in embedded software development.
Offers:
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - Experienced (REF1362F)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Service Delivery Manager|Senior (REF427S)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Solution Administrator- OT-Security (REF805P)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
