Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Management Support Consultant - Business Area, Private Cloud & Platform Services (m/w/d) (REF1439H) (Budapest)
Management Support Consultant - Business Area, Private Cloud & Platform Services (m/w/d) (REF1439H) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employerin Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH)is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sitesin Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Management Support Consultant - Business Area, Private Cloud & Platform Services (m/w/d) (REF1439H)
Tasks
In your Management Support role, you will support the Vice President (VP) of Business Area Private Cloud & Platform Services (PC&PS) in fulfilling the corporate responsibility in strategic, technical and organizational terms.
By providing content-related support for programs, projects and sub-projects, you will consistently ensure result- and target-oriented performance.
As a member of the PC&PS Line Office team, you will manage the units and contacts involved in terms of results, adherence to schedules and quality. 
To be successful in this role, you must possess:
higher degree in the field of economics, business informatics or a comparable degree and want to qualify for first management tasks.
proven track record of professional experience in the field of consulting, management support or in a comparable position
know-how of market, technology and competitor environment in the ICT industry (especially Cloud)
good knowledge of the overall business context and common delivery and service processes
excellent handling of Microsoft Office products, especially PowerPoint & Excel
experience in workshop preparation & moderation
proven coordination and organizational skills, organized mindset
experience in intercultural management
fluency in English, oral and written
We are happy if you possess:
knowledge, experience in use and/or certifications in common agile tools and methodologies like Jira, Kanban, Scrum & SAF
Your excellent comprehension and analytical skills enable you to work independently on complex tasks, making you our ideal candidate. Personally, you are characterized by a confident manner, absolute reliability, strong assertiveness, determination, flexibility, and entrepreneurial thinking and action. Absolute loyalty, discretion and a trustful handling of sensitive information are a matter of course for you.
Your work may involve short-term national and international travel.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Microsoft Application Administrator - Skype for Business, Teams (REF974Y)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Solution Manager - REF144R
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Németül és angolul beszélő ügyfélkapcsolati munkatárs (REF1211K)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator - Azure Operations Manager
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
