Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Python developer (Budapest)
Senior Python developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Because of the rapidly changing environment, our Partner has set its aim to become the most data & technology-driven airline in the world. Changing our way of working, modernizing our technology stack and architecture and the right positioning of people is key to achieving this ambition.We have organized our product teams around business processes, where together business and IT are end-to-end responsible for the digital products and services that support our operation.We are looking for a software engineer specialist in Python, who together organize all necessary engineering tasks and help maximize the flow of value. As a software engineer, you will work shoulder to shoulder with other software engineers, like backend specialists, front-end specialists, domain experts, and frontline staff to shapethe future of the firm and the aviation industry.
Senior Python developer
Feladatok
As a Python Specialist, you will apply your skills to change the way our Partner works, driving innovation and transforming us into a truly data-driven organization. We value both technical expertise (analysis, design & architecture, engineering, quality assurance and DevSecOps) as well as the interpersonal parts of the job (coaching, consulting, coordination, and support).
As a Python software engineer, your key result areas are:- Make use of right technology and govern architecture for products in line with the organizational objectives,
- Ensuring that the right technologies are chosen to strike an optimal balance betweenachieving business goals,
- Realizing functional and technical requirements, and managing technical debt,development costs and continuity costs,
- Design and implement the overall architecture aligned with other optimizers for the product to deliver,
- Translate business needs into compelling products and deliver them to end users so that business value is created, 
- Take care of specification, design, engineering, testing, delivery, maintenance, monitoring, and support of digital products,
- Foster a culture where state-of-the-art approaches, tooling and technologies are applied as fits with the mission of the department, the KPI’s and desired business impact.
Követelmények
We are looking for passionate and talented frontend engineers, for curious builders who are biased towards action, communication and are thriving in a fast-paced and international environment.We have found that people who match the following requirements are the ones who fit us best:
Preferably Bachelor degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other relevant fields
Prior experience with Python and it’s ecosystem (e.g. MyPy, FastAPI, Django, Flask, SQLAlchemy)
Experience with databases (e.g., design) and SQL
Experience with consuming APIs and knowledge of REST API best practices
Knowledge of continuous integration/continuous deployment techniques and tools (Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, Bamboo)
Proficient with automated testing (e.g., Unit tests, End-2-End tests)
Experience with bringing (data science and/or operations research) models to production and supporting data scientists in industrializing their code
Experience in coaching and knowledge sharing to familiarize teams with software engineering best practices
Knowledge with and experience in agile way of working (e.g., SAFe, Scrum, Agile)
Great communication skills, written and spoken (English) and team spirit
This role requires participation in our on-call support rotation every six weeks
All our teams have a hybrid way of working, we do ask you to come to the office every so often to meet your colleagues, to participate in trainings or team events.
In addition, the following requirements are considered nice to have:
Affinity with Operations Research and/or Machine Learning concepts
Experience with architecture design
Experience with other general purpose programming languages (e.g., Scala, Java, TypeScript)
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes
Amit kínálunk
Our Partner offer a dynamic and challenging position in the heart of the firm's Operation department. The role provides opportunities to apply leading edge craftsmanship and enable impact across our organization. You will be working with talented, driven people within and outside your field, on cutting-edge technology and with top-level equipment. You will be part of the broader community, information sessions, hackathons and more.
We are an international European corporate looking to grow in Hungary. This means you will be able to rely on the resources of our Amsterdam HQ, and we will invite you every three months to the Netherlands for our quarterly planning events. In Hungary on the people side we are very new, being part of a growing neworganization brings opportunities and we will help you to grow with us.
We offer a clear career path with ample opportunity for growth. You will have a hierarchical and a functional manager, your functional manager will also have a software engineering background and therefore we will be able to truly help you develop both your soft and hard skills.In your further development you can choose to either grow into a Principal Engineer, or transition to an Engineering Leader (a partially managerial role).
Additionally, we offer:
- A competitive salary depending on your level and experience- 10% of your time set aside for personal learning and development- An excellent pension scheme, profit sharing, and yearly bonus- Substantial discounts on flight tickets (after 6 months of employment)
- A travel allowance- Discount on health insurance- A learning budget
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
