Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Development Project Manager (Rolls-Royce) (Budapest)
Development Project Manager (Rolls-Royce) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Development Project Manager (Rolls-Royce)
About Rolls-Royce
At Rolls-Royce Electrical we pioneer the power that matters to our customers, to society and to the planet with more than 300 engineers globally. We deliver the best hybrid electrical systems in the world. Through intelligent innovation and active collaboration, we’re putting our customers at the forefront of the aviation, defense and power systems industry – and we keep them there. Our product portfolio targets various power classes from sub-100kW up to MW range.
At Rolls-Royce Hungary around 100 engineers work on the development of electrical technology for power and propulsion solutions of tomorrow. The highly skilled team competences range from the design and industrialization of electrical machines, inverters and energy storage via the development of system and subsystem control technology to system analysis, integration and tests in our modern labs, but also in real flight environment.
Feel free to know more about us by watching the following videos:
https://youtu.be/uGRrxkLKJjs
https://youtu.be/Nh2lU2tMCDs
What will your daily work look like
Core member of an international project team, with the responsibility of local and global tasks
Coordination of complex activities (for example risk management, change management, regular data exchange with other programmes for them your programme delivers a solution)
Support the technical colleagues in all upcomeing issues in development, manufacturing preparation, supply chain, validation … topics
Regular update of timeschedules, finance trackings
Host different regular and ad hoch meeting, in given cases support decision taking with active moderation
Organizing and coordination of different Workshops
In cooperation with the Ressource Managers show and update in time the required resource demands
Cooperation in priorization of tasks together with the Technical Lead and Resource Managers
Present project status for different forums
Escalate critical risks/issues for the Program Management/superior/local management
Add your opinion for process improvement in case you see there a potential
What do you need to succeed?
Completed studies in Mechanical, Aerospace, Electrical, Mechatronics Engineering or similar
Project Management experience in R&D or NPI projects
Good Teamworker with excellent communication and presentation skills
Goal oriented, independent, and structured work with the strong skill of having the whole picture in case of different parallel running activities
Open personality for technical topics and to have the inner drive for the newest products and technologies
Good Communication skills in English
Any experiences in SCRUM and German knowledge are an advantage
What should you do now
If you find the mentioned role interesting, apply here by clicking on „Jelentkezem” button.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Scrum Master
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Project Coordinator
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Lead (REF1415F)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Head of Team - ServiceNow (REF1465B)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Service Delivery Manager (IT Security) (REF192G)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
