Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Embedded Software Development Engineer (Rolls-Royce) (Budapest)
Embedded Software Development Engineer (Rolls-Royce) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Embedded Software Development Engineer (Rolls-Royce)
About Rolls-Royce
At Rolls-Royce Electrical we pioneer the power that matters to our customers, to society and to the planet with more than 300 engineers globally. We deliver the best hybrid electrical systems in the world. Through intelligent innovation and active collaboration, we’re putting our customers at the forefront of the aviation, defense and power systems industry – and we keep them there. Our product portfolio targets various power classes from sub-100kW up to MW range.
At Rolls-Royce Hungary around 100 engineers work on the development of electrical technology for power and propulsion solutions of tomorrow. The highly skilled team competences range from the design and industrialization of electrical machines, inverters and energy storage via the development of system and subsystem control technology to system analysis, integration and tests in our modern labs, but also in real flight environment.
Feel free to know more about us by watching the following videos:
https://youtu.be/uGRrxkLKJjs
https://youtu.be/Nh2lU2tMCDs
What will your daily work look like
You will work within an international team of experienced pioneer engineers working on the carbon neutral future of aviation and contribute to developments transforming the way we travel by air. Every single day.
You will develop new-in-category software for state-of-the-art aviation control units.
You will create software design, write code, and review your colleagues’ work.
You will have regular exchange sessions with the Hungarian project team to find solutions for complex technical challenges.
You will participate on scrum meetings with your software team.
What do you need to succeed?
You HAVE:
a university degree (electrical engineer, information technology or other relevant degrees).
solid C knowledge and experienced in safety-critical embedded system development.
a solid knowledge of popular software development tools (git, etc.).
an exploratory yet result oriented mindset. 
You ARE: 
familiar with hardware schematics and can tailor your software code accordingly.
open to learn new things and excited by the opportunity to work with internationally recognized colleagues.
capable to work in an agile environment.
fluent in English.
confident to speak up whenever it is necessary.
What should you do now
If you find the mentioned role interesting, apply here by clicking on „Jelentkezem” button.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
PLC Programozó
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Embedded Software Tester
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Embedded software developer (medior)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Embedded SW Engineer
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Embedded Software Engineer
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
