Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
O365 Engineer (Magyarország)
O365 Engineer (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Global Technology Services (GTS) partners with the Aegon businesses to provide global IT standards and governance, global IT procurement services, and IT infrastructure, application, and cloud support services.
This position will be part of the GTS Collaboration team focused on our Microsoft 365 (M365) Engineering function which is responsible for service rollout, deployment, engineering, and security/compliance for collaboration services including, but not limited to Microsoft 365, Teams, email, mailflow, security/encryption/DLP, Power Platform, backend identity dependencies (Azure AD), and governance of these services. The team also delivers technical consulting services and process management for these collaboration technologies. The team is organized to deliver services and engineering utilizing an agile framework with workload modularized, organized, and prioritized by the Product Owner (PO) who works closely with management and business stakeholders.
O365 Engineer
Feladatok
On a day-to-day basis, this position will perform responsibilities such as some or all the following related to the Office 365 services:
Deliver subject matter expertise of Office 365 with emphasis in Email, security, architectural design, migration, management and support of implementations.
Provide overall Office 365 expertise including strong knowledge of Azure Active Directory, Exchange online, OneDrive, SharePoint, single sign-on and multi-factor authentication and related technologies (including Microsoft Enterprise Mobility + Security)
This position is a key resource for our team in the identity and access management initiatives (joiner, mover, leaver).
This position is a key resource for integrations and divestitures.
This position is critical in the advancement of the Collaboration and User Experience strategies which are key future approaches for Aegon.
Microsoft Exchange online and on-premises support.
Secure email support.
Data Leakage Prevention (DLP) support.
Email archiving and retention policy support.
Script troubleshooting and development
Automation of repetitive tasks to improve efficiency of the team
Own Microsoft 365/Office 365 documentation
Követelmények
Working knowledge of Office 365 Services
Subject Matter Expertise in Exchange, mailflow, DLP, and secure email
Fluent in PowerShell 
General automation experience/technologies
General Azure AD knowledge nice to have
Amit kínálunk
Opportunity to join a newly started IT Center in Budapest;
Brand new office at an excellent location;
Training and career opportunities;
Competitive salary;
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
