Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Application Support Engineer (Magyarország)
Application Support Engineer (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Application Support Engineer
Tasks
The development of solutions for our future PLM / ALM landscape based on the Siemens PLM application suite is your primary goal. You will develop concepts and will be responsible for the technical realization. You will also consider migration aspects and take care of the integration in our existing IT infrastructure.
You will configure our PLM system landscape and adapt it from a technical perspective.
Furthermore will you coordinate our external partners as part of the project activities.
You will be responsible for the development of concepts and implementation of projects in the SLM context, including PLM, ALM, MBSE (Model Based System Engineering), Big Data and Advanced Analytics, working jointly with other departments.
You will always keep an eye on technological developments in order to be able to assess the beneficial use of digital technologies in the field of engineering applications.
Our prestigious German client operates as an unique electronic and software developer competence center, specialized in the field of electronic steering systems, they are one of the leading multinational companies in the automotive industry, whose main focus is to create and provide high-tech development solutions to its partners.
Requirements
BSc/MSc degree in IT or another relevant field
Expertise in Siemens Teamcenter or Siemens Polarion or similar (how to configure, adapt and operate)
Experience in automotive industry
Passion for new technologies and innovations in the PLM and ALM environment
Fluent English (both written and spoken)
Excellent problem solving skills
Friendly personality and good communication skills
Enjoy working in a team
"Can do” attitude
Willingness to travel (once or twice in a year to Eschen, Liechtenstein)
​Offers
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
They support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60% of the working time in many of their positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
They organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Microsoft Application Administrator - Skype for Business, Teams (REF974Y)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Solution Manager - REF144R
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Németül és angolul beszélő ügyfélkapcsolati munkatárs (REF1211K)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator - Azure Operations Manager
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
