Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Java Software Developer (Budapest)
Java Software Developer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
Java Software Developer
We’re seeking an engineer with a proven track record of successfully developing and delivering products and micro-services using Java in a Linux environment.
For our new CBC Micro-services product we are looking for a junior-medior Software Engineer with a degree in Computer Sciences or technical equivalent and a track record of developing and delivering products using C/C++ and/or Java in a Linux environment.
This position will expose the candidate to several open source tools and libraries so candidates must therefore demonstrate an attitude and enthusiasm for working with a wide range of tools and techniques. Candidates must be able to demonstrate methodical and logical development skills, combined with the ability to communicate solutions succinctly to other departments. 
What you'll do
The Software Engineer’s responsibilities cover the following key areas:
Developing new functionality for the CBC Micro-services.
Enhancing existing functionality.
Sustaining & Maintenance activities.
Testing and documenting activities
The key activities which the Software Engineer must perform effectively and with success:
Develop different micro-services containing core CBC functionality and related services.
Develop tools and scripts.
Write technical product documentation and initiating product improvements.
Work closely together with the (Technical) Product Owner to break down epics/stories.
Collaborate across different engineering teams.
Learn new technologies and methodologies.
Participate in routine maintenance on existing products to include software deficiency resolution.
Fine-tuning of the different components involved in our products and solutions.
Reporting with respect to the key activities to the Engineering Manager, Product Owner and/or other colleagues.
What you'll bring:
Master Degree in Computer Sciences, Electronic Engineering or equivalent.
At least 5+ years of working experience.
Experience with software engineering using C/C++ or Java in a Linux environment.
Experience with Linux command line tools and scripting (Shell / Python / Go).
Experience with containerized environments (Docker, Docker-Compose, Kubernetes).
Preferably experience with databases (e.g. MongoDB or PostgreSQL).
Preferably experience with networking and communication protocols.
Nice to have
Highly organized with good written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to properly structure and explain technical information to stakeholders.
Highly self-motivated and must be able to work both independently and collaboratively within a team.
Fluent in English (verbal and in writing) and preferably more languages.
Ability to work well under pressure, experienced in supporting business critical systems.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Java Developer for Cloud of Things (REF521E)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Fullstack developer (AFC)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Java Architect - Software Architect - PLM area (REF399Q)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Java Developer (REF883E)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Java Developer (REF883E)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
