Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Software QA Test Engineer (Budapest)
Software QA Test Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Software QA Test Engineer
Our client offers hybrid work opportunity (1-2 days per week in regular office).
Office location: Budapest
What you will do:
Our client is a U.S.-owned intelligent automation software provider with 200 co-workers in Hungary. Their product portfolio is extending, and we want to add more resources to our Software Testing team on a full-time base.
As experienced Software QA Engineer your daily duties will be the followings:
Create and develop test documentation including test plans and individual test cases, executes and develops manual and automated tests, analyses and troubleshoots issues, and participates in the development, product discussions and presentations.
Effectively isolate cause of test case failures.
Support the general testing needs of the team in order to meet the organization’s goals.
Through efficient and effective quality assurance testing standards, tools, techniques and execution, help Core Engineering and other cross-functional partners to maximize the potential for new or updated releases to be completed on-time, on-target, on-budget and without compromise to quality.
Working within team and across departments to identify, recommend, develop, implement and maintain quality assurance testing processes and practices; continuously contributing to streamlined, more effective and efficient quality assurance testing.
Stay abreast of industry and field developments; remaining current in the latest quality assurance testing technologies and functionalities, as well as ever-evolving needs of customers and their customers.
What you need to have:
3-5 years of professional experience as a Software Quality Tester
At least conversational language skills in both Hungarian and English
Solid technical background in installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of Microsoft Windows desktop and server operating systems
Linux and MacOS experience are advantage
Experience in running sample and regression testing codes, verifying new features, bug fixes and enhancements.
Ability to clearly document test results
Are you interested?
Please apply and send us your CV and we will contact you soon for a discussion!
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftver tesztautomatizáló mérnök
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Software Engineer (Data & Analytics)REF1182D
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Software Engineer (Java/Microservices) (REF274B)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Software engineer(REF588C)
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverintegrációs tesztautomatizáló mérnök
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
