Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior L2 Support Analyst (Budapest)
Senior L2 Support Analyst (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Senior L2 Support Analyst
Your new company
In the IT Services area, our partner implements the best in class solutions in the Business 4.0 era to enable strong digital foundations for their customers worldwide. They are working with a wide range of technologies and programming languages. 
Your new role
Independent and responsible execution of 2nd or 3rd level support for applications, services, and infrastructure 
Resolve Incidents, Problems & Service Requests 
Write step-by-step processes, solutions, and ticket updates 
Project effort estimation of projects according to affordability, effort, feasibility, and possible risks from an operational point of view 
Prepare and conduct regular service management meetings and prepare recommendations and decision papers for management. 
Interdepartmental negotiations, coordination, updating, and adjustment of SLA (service concepts, support model, maintenance contracts) 
Responsibility for the independent in-depth analysis and resolution of complex, interdisciplinary. Technical problems with customer impact (incident and problem management), considering time, quality, costs and risks. 
Manage SLAs, handle customer escalations (On-call or onsite), present regular reports to customers, adhere to contractual terms of customers, and coordinate with Technical teams in Hungary, Germany, India. 
What you'll need to succeed
Operations / Support experience in any of the following telecommunications support areas: Operational Support Systems (OSS) or Element Management system (EMS) or Networking active and passive probing
Good knowledge of MS Office, ticketing, and working with operational support systems 
Good experience with Unix/Linux with Shell/Perl scripting 
Good knowledge of standard network/IT technologies, network protocols 
Extensive experience as Application Support/Operations Analyst in L2 application support role 
Experience in working with Multi-culture and Geographically distributed teams 
Residence and stress management 
What you'll get in return
Attractive salary & benefits
Private Health Insurance 
Pleasant work atmosphere: open office environment, relax rooms, cafeterias, kitchens and terraces 
Job security: they guaranteed the job to all employees during pandemic 
A financially healthy company
Get in the shape: 24 hours free gym facilities
Career growth opportunities: 70%+ of leadership roles fulfilled by internal promotions 
Best diversity of workplace – 99 Nationalities 
Opportunity to volunteer in the corporate social responsibility 
Opportunity to network with 500,000 associates in the organization
Work-life balance: Home office opportunities 
Learning opportunities: Internal learning programs, alliances with LinkedIn learning, Udemy and others…
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Microsoft Application Administrator - Skype for Business, Teams (REF974Y)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Solution Manager - REF144R
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator - Azure Operations Manager
Thyssenkrupp -
IT helpdesk munkatárs
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
