Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Operation Manager (OPM) (REF902W) (Budapest)
Operation Manager (OPM) (REF902W) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
német - középfokú
The largest ICT employerin Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH)is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sitesin Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Operation Manager (OPM) (REF902W)
Linux OS OPM, Suse, RHEL, Ansible, Jenkins, Foreman, Network Know How, Architecture Skills
Role definition: Operations Manager.
The OPM is responsible for the provision of a largely standardized individual service individual service (= service element). He is responsible for the defined service delivery element (includes OLA, technical performance and tariff/cost). The OPM is the interface to the SCOPM, and commercial commissioning is usually carried out on behalf of the SDM.
General Requirements:
Operational interface to the SC-OPM and SDM for the contracted scope of services.
Plans, controls and is responsible for the delivery of the scope of work in Time and Quality
Supports the cost center manager in meeting manufacturing costs
Technical/content responsibility of technical/operational concept
Plans and develops efficiency improvement measures in coordination with SC-OPM and SDM and is responsible for implementation
Control of the operations team (on call, prioritizations of changes, incidents & projects) Communication/ Reports
Ensuring the agreed reporting
Provision of agreed technical inventory and performance data Operations Process
Responsible for incident, problem, change (incl. maintenance) and escalation management within the assigned scope of work
Responsible for asset and configuration management in assigned role from configuration management process Sales Process
Consulting & participation in solution design for presales projects
German knowledge is necessary. 
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - REF1436I
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI1- EDG_BNG) (REF219H)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator (REF1491J)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operation Manager Agile (PowerBI) (REF1406L)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF1229O
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
