Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
ABAP Developer (Budapest)
ABAP Developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
projektmunka
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
ABAP Developer
Key Areas of Responsibility
Develop and test enhancements to our certified SAP solutions suite
Develop and test bug fixes to our certified SAP solutions suite
Attend daily stand-up progress meetings and backlog / requirements refinements meetings
Other duties may be assigned
L2,L3 support 
As a market leader in DevOps and test automation for SAP, demand for our products continues to grow. We are an established business with a global customer base, and this is an excellent opportunity to join a company during an exciting growth phase and enjoy a fully supported career.
Our development team is globally distributed and organised around product outcomes following the principles of Agile, Scrum & Kanban. You can expect to work on a variety of projects and with customers from many different industry sectors. 
Position within the Organization
Developers report to the Development Lead
The Development Lead has responsibility for the performance appraisal, mentoring, training, and career development of the technical staff
Product Management will be responsible for defining Product & Sprint goals, so you can expect to work closely with this key stake holder
Essential Skills and Attributes
2+ years experience required
A background programming in SAP ABAP OOP
Change management: Transports and source code control
RFCs/BADIs/BAPIs/ABAP OOP/User exits/enhancements
Dialog programming and Report writing using ALV and ABAP lists
Experience delivering projects with Agile Methodology 
Experience with the SAP Application development lifecycle 
Strong interpersonal skills, quick-learning, attention to detail
Fluent written and spoken English
Excellent problem-solving and debugging skills
Proven track record in writing unit tests
Other skills
Other Highly desirable skills include:   
SAP Fiori or UI5 Web Components knowledge 
SAP HANA knowledge 
SAP Web UI development experience (BSP, WebDynpro)
ABAP Unit Test Driven Development (TDD) 
Netweaver Gateway Service and ODATA
The position will see you undertaking a day-to-day role to develop and test software around our certified SAP solutions suite. All developers are expected to support their peers with code reviews and constructive feedback. As a Developer you are expected to develop complex tasks with little supervision. Your technical skills are current and up to date.
What we offer 
The chance to join a market-leading, vibrant technology business that is growing rapidly, working with some of the most innovative products, clients and partners in the world
Competitive salary package and annual bonus 
Flexible working arrangements 
International working atmosphere
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP ABAP Developer - Specialist
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
SAP Fejlesztő CRM/CI/CC (REF1385F)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
ABAP Developer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
SAP Fejlesztő CRM/CI/CC (REF1385F)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP Technical Expert (Archiving)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
