Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cybersecurity Specialist (Budapest)
Cybersecurity Specialist (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Cybersecurity Specialist
Company
With over 200 years of experience in industry and cutting-edge technologies our Global Partner is active in automotive engineering, logistics, plant technology, steel production and much more. Our group have more than 106,000 employees in nearly 80 countries and annual sales of €42 billion.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Your responsibilities
Documentation of and participation in customer projects 
Creating and maintaining item definition documentation 
Pre-filtering and collecting relevant intelligence crucial for the product cybersecurity activities 
Creating and maintaining threat analysis and risk assessment documentation 
Creating and maintaining cybersecurity concept documentation 
Supporting work of the architects and security testers with relevant intelligence pertaining to thyssenkrupp 
Processing and forwarding cybersecurity monitoring and threat intelligence towards appropriate stakeholders 
Supporting penetration tests with relevant cyber intelligence information 
Supporting proof-of-concept and internal projects 
Supporting BME-tk subsidiary project 
Cybersecurity-relevant duties according to the definition of the supervisor 
Your profile
Finished higher education in IT/ engineer field or equivalent professional experience 
2+ years experience 
Excellent level of English in written and verbal 
Experience in the field of information security / cybersecurity 
Advantage: 
Experience in the automotive industry or incident response experience 
At least 1 year experience in the field of cybersecurity incident management 
1 or more certificates from the following: CEH, OSCP, OSCE, CISSP, CSSLP 
ITIL Foundation certification 
Personality: 
Able to negotiate 
Critical thinking 
Transparent communication with project stakeholders 
Readiness to cooperate 
Productivity 
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Solution Administrator- OT-Security (REF805P)
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF482J
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
