Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Lead Full stack developer (Budapest)
Lead Full stack developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Lead Full stack developer
Lead Software Engineer – Full-stack/.NET
We are looking for an experienced Lead Full-stack Engineer (.NET) to join our growing Technology team at  International Language Campuses, based in Budapest.
You will be in-charge of the development end to end of the new generation of Enterprise Core Systems that support our business worldwide.
Leading your Engineering team, under the guidance of your Engineering Manager, you will develop first-class software solutions in the cloud, both on the front-end side, adopting web technologies as well as on the back-end side, evolving our micro services ecosystem based on event driven architectures.
If you are excited about tackling and solving tough problems; if you want to be part of a fast-paced work environment and work inside the support structure of a global enterprise; if you want to be a front runner in changing how our conducts business through technology and design - then this position is for you.
As a Lead Engineer you will
• Lead the development end to end of the platform assigned to the team you are part of, developing React-based front end as well as .NET Core back ends, collaborating with other teams and technical leaders in choosing and implementing best-in-class solutions
• Support and maintain our existing systems and subsystems, based on previous generation technologies
• Lead, coach, and mentor the team members of your team, identifying their strength, working around their weaknesses, and allowing them to grow and excel in their area of competence, maintaining high engagement and motivation
• Take ownership for the delivery of the systems that you are responsible for, being the technical reference figure for the systems running in production and assigned to your team
• Champion agile best practices, software development methodologies and DevOps
• Coordinate with the architects’ group to validate, review and promote design choices
• Integrate your system with other systems developed by teams located both in-house and remotely
Qualifications and requirements for the role
For this role you must have:
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related Engineering discipline
• 7+ years of working knowledge on OOD / .NET Core and full stack experience in development of complex projects, both on frontend and backend areas. This is your main strength.
• Working experience in JavaScript / React / Web technologies. You have already developed Web applications and you feel comfortable working on Web front-ends, even though you are not as fluent as your main technical stack
• Working experience in designing / developing web services and REST API development, with knowledge of micro service architectures
• DevOps mindset
• Strong competences on Software Engineering Methodologies & Practices, design patterns, Enterprise integration patterns
• Knowledge of common coding best practices like Refactoring, Clean Code, TDD/BDD, Domain Driven Design, SOLID principles, etc.
• Desire to work on a team with DevOps mindset and own systems all the way to the production
For this role it would be nice to have working experience on:
• Cloud technologies and cloud providers like AWS, Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure
• Kubernetes and/or Kakfa message streaming platform
• Front-end technologies like Windows WPF / Windows Desktop Development
• Experience contributing to the professional community as a speaker, author, or online contributor
Leadership and management skills
• Passion about technology, management, leadership at the same time
• Great attitude towards people management, conflict resolution, team dynamics
• Facilitator, coach, mentor, ability to solve and mitigate the typical problems arising in team leadership
• Organized, structured mindset, process-oriented attitude, ability to plan complex groups of tasks, focus and get the important things done
• Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences
• Experience (nice to have, expertise) in Agile Processes and modern software development methodologies
Your benefits
• Competitive salary package
• Career growth opportunities
• Work-life balance
• Technology discussion groups
• A friendly work environment
About 
We believe that the world is better when people try to understand one another. Since 1965, we have helped millions of people see new places, experience new cultures, and learn new things about the world and about themselves. Our culturally immersive education
programs—focused on language, travel, cultural exchange, and academics—turn dreams into international opportunities.
When you join us, you join a multicultural and diverse community working across more than 600 schools and offices in 50 countries, all with one shared mission of opening the world through education. Whoever you are, whatever you are passionate about—we welcome you and want you to bring that to work every day. They're  proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to inclusion and belonging across race, ethnicity, gender, age, religion, parental status, identity, experience and everything else that makes you unique.
Founded in Sweden in 1965,  has school and offices around the world, including hubs in Boston, London, Mexico City, São Paulo, Shanghai, Stockholm, Zürich, and more. 
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Java Team Leader
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Incident Manager - experienced (REF1210J)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead - Devops (REF1105J)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Software engineer team lead
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Szoftvertesztelési csoportvezető
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
