Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Reporting Specialist (Budapest)
Reporting Specialist (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - alapfokú
német - középfokú
Reporting Specialist
Would you like to work as a Reporting Specialist and do you like animal-friendly companies? Then you do not have to look any further, because Fressnapf International Business Services is looking for an enthusiastic professional to join its Reporting team.
What to expect
Collect relevant reporting data from internal sources to update and provide standard reports to internal clients
Create and test new reports in close alignment and on request from internal clients
Conduct ad-hoc analyses of data, report findings
Act as first contact person in regard to report requests
Collaborate closely with internal clients across international borders
What convinces us
Experience in data analysis and visualization
Relevant experience in a Reporting position
Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Experience with SAP (SAC is an advantage)
Excellent English skills (C1/2)
German knowledge is an advantage
What we offer you
The love of animals is our Fressnapf DNA – if you have a dog, you can bring him/her to work with you
Unique corporate culture – with us you will experience openness, transparency and appreciation in an innovative, dynamic environment – because we love what we do
Here you can be YOU, the “you” culture will be used across entire company and across all hierarchical levels
An extremely successful business model in combination with permanent expansion and high growth, even in uncertain times
Work-life balance and flexible working hours – with us you have the opportunity use the advantages of mobile working
Because you deserve it! – Attractive remuneration as well as various additional services and benefits, e.g. employee discounts or cafeteria scheme, are a matter of course for us
Stay connected! – Cohesion is very important to us: with the employee app or digital
We Care! – The well-being of our employees is important to us
Your development is important to us – we support you with a wide range of learning opportunities
If you are interested in the position, please send us your up-to-date, English CV.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Modelling Actuary
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
 Senior IT Business Analyst
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Data Analytics Expert
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Scientist
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior BI Developer (REF1300J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
