Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Access Manager Specialist (Senior) (Budapest)
Access Manager Specialist (Senior) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - felsőfokú
As an internationally positioned IT team, we support the Client's product development by providing applications and solutions for mechanical and software development and for the management of development data. In this processes, we count more than 6,000 users among our internal customers.
We operate in a very heterogeneous environment of applications, such as CATIA Mechanical Design, MS Project Server, JIRA, GIT Software Management, Doors NG Requirements Management, and our PLM system CIM Database.
To strengthen our team we are looking for a qualified and motivated IT specialist at our location in Budapest.
We offer an exciting work environment in a globally operating enterprise with many various opportunities for your own personal and professional growth.
Access Manager Specialist (Senior)
Tasks
Definition of role concepts and creation of roles for all critical applications (such as SAP, ERP, HR, SAC, S/4HANA, Fiori, BW and Solution Manager);
Quality control and continuous improvement of the processes;
Regular reporting to the service/application owner;
Handover and training of the roles to the service desk, as well as monitoring of the service;
Performance of user administration activities for user IDs and roles in SAP and other application systems in scope;
Assure those access authorizations respect the Corporate Governance procedures;
Ensuring the availability of the necessary documentation of user access requests and their approvals and corresponding processing of these requests;
Support of IT projects, providing the necessary user administration activities during all project phases. Ensure a smooth transition into operations;
Providing support for the Internal and External Audit
Requirements
University degree in a business or technical field (or comparable qualification/experiences)
Minimum of four years of professional business and technical experience within the Users & Authorisations area of SAP R/3 system with an international background. 
Experience in the SAP system landscape, preferably ERP, HR, SAC, S/4HANA, Fiori, and Solution Manager.
Good knowledge of SAP products administration and their integration with other software systems
S/4 HANA knowledge would be an advantage
Fluency in in English
Offers
Professional development opportunities
Competitive salary
Dynamic atmosphere
Remote working
Workplace
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Java Team Leader
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Incident Manager - experienced (REF1210J)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Sustainability Business Analyst (Power BI)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Server and Network Management team leader
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Logistics Network Solutions Analyst
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
