Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Reporting Expert - Azure environment (Budapest)
Reporting Expert - Azure environment (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Reporting Expert - Azure environment
Would you like to work as a Reporting Expert specializing in the Azure platform and do you like animal-friendly companies? Then you do not have to look any further, because Fressnapf is hiring an expert colleague to its Reporting team who has great experience with the Azure platform.
What convinces us
Extensive knowledge in the reporting field with confident technical skills and fluent English.
Technical skills:
Experience in managing Azure environments (VMs, VPN, Access Control, Budget Control, etc)
Excellent Excel skills: including VBA, PowerPivot, PowerQuery
SQL Development, Matillion ETL experience is valuable
Data modelling: Inmon/Kimball Star/Snowflake Data Models, 3NF, Data Vault etc are highly valuable
ITIL, IIBA are excellent plus as well
Soft skills:
Excellent team work
Agile, can-do attitude
Excellent English language skills
Precision, high level of detail
Ability to organise your time well, and can manage ad hoc requests if necessary
What we offer you
The love of animals is our Fressnapf DNA – if you have a dog, you can bring him/her to work with you
Unique corporate culture – with us you will experience openness, transparency and appreciation in an innovative, dynamic environment – because we love what we do
Here you can be YOU, the “you” culture will be used across entire company and across all hierarchical levels
An extremely successful business model in combination with permanent expansion and high growth, even in uncertain times
Work-life balance and flexible working hours – with us you have the opportunity use the advantages of mobile working
Because you deserve it! – Attractive remuneration as well as various additional services and benefits, e.g. employee discounts or cafeteria scheme, are a matter of course for us
Stay connected! – Cohesion is very important to us: with the employee app or digital
We Care! – The well-being of our employees is important to us
Your development is important to us – we support you with a wide range of learning opportunities
What to expect from the job
Collect relevant reporting data from internal sources to update and provide standard reports to internal clients
Create and test new reports in close alignment and on request from internal clients
Conduct ad-hoc analyses of data, report findings
Act as first contact person in regard to report requests
Using AFO create the Excel based reporting
Supporting back and front end work using SQL
Collaborate closely with internal clients across international borders
If you are interested in the position, please send us your up-to-date, English CV.
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Modelling Actuary
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Data Analytics Expert
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Senior IT Business Analyst
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Scientist
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior BI Developer (REF1300J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
