Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Software Quality Engineer (ASPICE) (Budapest)
Software Quality Engineer (ASPICE) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Software Quality Engineer (ASPICE)
Quality Engineer
Purpose of the job
You will proactively work with the Project and Product Management, Software Development and Software Testing teams to improve product and process quality.
Key responsibilities
Create and maintain quality plans and schedules that support the organisation’s quality goals.
Devise, plan, and conduct process quality checks, project and product quality gates.
Manage and regularly report on project schedule, compliance, deliverables, resources and risks.
Consult and guide designated business groups in their process improvement roadmaps.
Analyse technical requirements and design to implement and verify the corresponding process solutions.
Build, deploy, monitor and continuously improve engineering processes in a cross-functional team environment at an international level.
Facilitate and support internal and external quality assessment/audits.      
Required skills
The successful applicant should satisfy the following requirements:
BSc-level qualifications in Quality/Systems/Software/Electronics Engineering or a similar engineering discipline.
Proven experience of 5 years or more in the Automotive industry, or a closely related field.
Sound knowledge and experience managing, implementing and/or auditing/assessing A-SPICE or ISO26262 (other Automotive industry-relevant standards are a bonus).
Practical experience with writing/deploying work processes.
Practical experience with the full software development life cycle (SDLC). Experience with Agile and V-model is an advantage.
A strong team focus and highly developed communication skills.
Speak/Read/Write fluently in Hungarian and English.
Must have a great passion for doing things right the first time!
What can we give you in return?
A position at a successful global company in Hungary, where you’ll have to opportunity to learn from the best
Serious, professional challenges
Cutting-edge infrastructure
Flexible working hours
The opportunity to develop the vehicle control software of the future in the present
The opportunity to work abroad for several weeks (Melbourne, Australia)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Software Engineer (Java/Microservices) (REF274B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Tapasztalt tesztelő német nyelvtudással (REF126D)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
