Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
UX Designer (Budapest)
UX Designer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
UX Designer
Your new role
We look for an experienced designer with a solid background in interaction or visual design. Our team is multicultural, so you need to speak fluent English and be able to give presentations or hold workshops with non-designers. You should see yourself as an advocate of the users and be able to translate their needs into solutions. You need to be self driven, courageous to innovate, but realistic regarding the feasibility of your ideas.
What you'll need to succeed
We need team players and people with a positive attitude and an open mind to work in close collaboration with developers and application scientists. You will learn and redefine yourself all the time because our culture is built on change. We don’t have any tool fixation because anything can be learned. Just to let you know at the moment we use Sketch, Invision and Abstract, but feel free to use Adobe Suite or Justinmind.
What you'll get in return
We have a modern office, with free coffee, snacks, a pool table and ping pong. Our coffee machine is not a fancy one with hand-picked coffee beans, but there are fancy small cafes, and plenty of lunch opportunities near the Váci Greens Office Park. There’s even an option to have lunch cooked at the office once a week. Our partner promotes healthy lifestyle, people working here are often attending sport activities. Our partneris a family friendly company and we respect your free time. We offer competitive salaries, flexible working hours and the opportunity to really grow in an innovative company. You can work from the they office or you can choose fully remote work.
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Service Designer
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Service Designer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead - Devops (REF1105J)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
ELTE Kancellária Emberi Erőforrás Igazgatóság -
Ügyféltámogató informatikus
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
