Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Python Developer (Budapest)
Python Developer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Python Developer
Your new company 
Our partner is an entertainment technology company that partners with clients to enable creative flow across the production life cycle with a suite of secure communication and content management solutions. Their award-winning products for the media and entertainment industries include production solutions as well as high-performance recording and workflow tools in support of the leading camera vendors for feature, television, and commercial production.
Your new role 
• Design, implement, and maintain PIX System platform and services.
• Build distributed services that auto-scale, self-heal, and automatically deploy to the cloud.
• Integrate internal and 3rd party components to build out functionality.
• Implement APIs for internal and external services and applications.
• Migrate legacy systems to newer service architectures.
• Write design, usage, and troubleshooting documents for other engineers and QA.
• Produce automated tests to ensure quality, performance, and scalability of your code.
• Participate in reviews and audits to ensure the security of our system.
• Coordinate with team-members and others in the organization to ensure timely delivery of software that meets all requirements.
What you'll need to succeed 
• Excellent coding and design skills.
• Experience with modern programming languages and design patterns. Knowledge of Python, Node.js, PHP and other languages a plus.
• Experience building in a SOA or micro-services environment.
• Familiarity with both relational and no-SQL databases.
• Experience building server-side APIs and client-server interactions.
• Comfortable with a mix of team and individual work.
• Must be able to work in a fast-paced, agile environment.
• BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.
• Minimum 2 years back-end development experience.
What you'll get in return 
• Competitive salary
• Commuter Benefits
• Recreational card
• Learning and development support
• Welcoming and friendly culture
• Flexible working supported
• Office/remote working supported
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
