Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Test Lead (Budapest)
Test Lead (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Test Lead
Feladatok
Creating and driving a testing strategy for the product
Leading the virtual team of testers
Consolidate and enhance main release test- and revision(bugfix) release test-environments
Collaborate with supporting roles and stakeholders
Making decisions individually by collaborating with architects regarding technical issues
Scheduling the test execution
Synchronizing the testing processes with customer needs
Participating in all phases of the software development process, lifecycle
Providing expert support to create development tests
Coaching and mentoring of testing principals for the developer and tester team
Our international client is looking for an experienced test automation lead for their team based in Budapest. By joining the team, you'll be involved in the development and testing of one of their products, which optimizes the daily utilization of your flights, increases user productivity and improves your airline management when there are deviations from your regular schedule.
Követelmények
Have at least 5 years relevant working experience
Have excellent knowledge in testing principles, theories and concepts, as well as comprehensive understanding of the processes, methodologies and testing concepts of software development
Able to take the "big pictures" into account, focusing not only on the isolated problem
Have knowledge of any client / server software ecosystem
Are familiar with any programing languages, any scripting language, Git, Selenium
Have knowledge of different automation tools and software testing processes
Understand the test pyramid and enable the team to develop high quality testing on all levels
Have understanding of software development processes and methodologies (especially Agile and Scrum)
Are capable of root-cause analysis, solution focused and able to help others in finding solutions
Are fluent in English both spoken and written
Amit ajánlunk
Flexible working hours
Long-term plans 
Professional training opportunities
Supportive, professional and multinational team
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Java Team Leader
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Incident Manager - experienced (REF1210J)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Lead Full stack developer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead - Devops (REF1105J)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Software engineer team lead
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
