Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Internet Analyst (Budapest)
Senior Internet Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Global Technology Services (GTS) is Aegon's global IT partner that provides infrastructure services, information security and global/corporate application support for Aegon's businesses around the world.From 6 locations in the US, the Netherlands, UK, and Hungary, we support 20+ country units and 24000+ employees in the world. Our support consists of a wide range of centralized global IT services such as programming, database management, project management, agile/dev/ops, and more. We continue to maximize the value from having a clear digital and data technology platform strategy that extends our ecosystem, as an approach to digitization, enhancing customer experience, and improving operational efficiency.All of these teams work closely together to provide innovative and digital solutions as well as critical technology support. This is essential for enabling Aegon's businesses around the globe to be innovative, digital and competitive, efficient, and effective, and to provide the best solutions and customer experience for our customers and shareholders.
Senior Internet Analyst
Feladatok
The Senior Web Security Engineer position will be responsible for consulting with various groups to plan, architect and implement standards-based solutions in the areas of Edge Security, including Load Traffic Management; Application Traffic Management (ATM), Application Security Manager and Management and security for APIs. Provides administrative support for several infrastructures related to web applications, identity management and the components surrounding these technologies. These include areas such as SharePoint, WebSphere, IIS, Tomcat, Apache, EpiServer, Proxy Internet Access, Oracle Access Manager, CMS Systems, Federation Services, Monitoring and F5 Content Switches. Also has responsibilities for Internet security, integration of 3rd party applications, domain name / SSL certificate administration and documentation.  What You Will Do:
Direct responsibilities on the operational team for developing and maintaining integrated strategies and solutions, with a focus on WAF services for the Global Aegon environment.  WAF services include the following core technologies support by the F5 product.  
Provide effective project management and feasibility analysis on potential future projects.
Support Web Access Management Systems applications and Integrations.
Provide documentation highlighting integration, design and SSO features of solutions.
Provide technical leadership, guidance, and architectural planning for internal/external customer engagements. Assist in automation and building repeatable patterns for consumption.
Perform day to day operations to maintain SLAs and business functions
Runs small to medium enterprise infrastructure projects from requirements gathering to post-implementation.
Optimizes the performance and availability of the Web Services environment through monitoring, patching, software tools, and process improvements
Complies with information security policies 
Solid knowledge of project management methodologies; able to manage project phases or less complex projects
Provide documentation highlighting integration, design, and features of solutions.
Követelmények
Qualifications:
Knowledge and experience in working with F5 Technologies, including but not limited to ASM, LTM, and AAM
Experience at delivering technology solutions at an enterprise level.
Excellent diagnostic and troubleshooting skills, and the ability to excel under pressure
Developed written and verbal skills, assignment and priority flexibility, and time management skills
Understanding of DNS, TCP/IP addressing and networking (Internet, routers, switches)
Knowledge of Web Services, Web and Application Services, Java and .NET technologies, and cloud services.
Background in scripting, code development such as PowerShell, Ansible, Java, .NET, etc.
Ability to work in teams on small to medium projects.
Excellent understanding of cloud and on-prem based infrastructure solutions and their Access Management needs.
Ability to quickly learn and apply new concepts.
Ability to drive and achieve consensus/support from large diverse groups.  
Strong written and verbal communication skills enabling effective articulation of strategy.
Able to understand how concepts apply to design or architectural efforts
Enterprise network security technologies including firewalls, IDS, IPS, NAC, WAF, and Web Proxies
Working knowledge of Certificate/CA/PKI infrastructure
Possesses and applies broad knowledge of concepts and principles or exhibits technical expertise related to server infrastructure and web-based application support.
A four-year computer science or related technical degree or minimum of 5 (five) years of solid related work experience.
Breadth of knowledge across many technology disciplines; including various access management solutions
Preferred:
Understanding of the details in working in a highly optimized TCP/IP Stack.
Understanding digital forensics and incident response (DFIR) and how it relates to the enterprise’s overall security posture and response
Strong understanding of F5, Web Application Firewalls, LTM and ASM
Strong level of knowledge of network domain technologies, platforms, and principles, including route/switch protocols, LAN/WAN, data center, high-availability design, Web Application Firewall, Domain Name Service and IP management, Content Delivery Network,Data Analytics, WAN optimization, Network Time Protocol and Network Monitoring.
Understanding of microservices-based architecture, API based system integration and Amazon Web Services cloud Identity & Access
Understanding of working in a hybrid cloud environment and working knowledge of AWS Cloud Principles.
Firm understanding of SDS and experience with managing HA replicas
Knowledge in scripting, code development such as PowerShell, Ansible, Java, .NET, etc. and automating developments by code
Ability to work in teams on small to medium projects.
Excellent understanding of cloud and on-prem based infrastructure solutions and their Access Management needs.
Understanding of microservices-based architecture, API based system integration and Amazon Web Services cloud Identity & Access
A four-year computer science or related technical degree or equivalent experience
Hands on experience mentoring small to medium teams
Ability to convert complex information into simple, explainable solutions.
Possesses a planning orientation with integrative and strategic thinking skills. 
Demonstrated project management and client relationship skills.
Good understanding of a zero trust network environment.
Amit kínálunk
Hybrid work
Modern office at an excellent location
Competitive salary
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF482J
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator - Azure Operations Manager
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
