Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
SAP Manufacturing module support (Budapest)
SAP Manufacturing module support (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
SAP Manufacturing module support
About our Partner:
They started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, they remain true to their roots. That’s why they engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.
They are looking for a new colleague to support them and their customers in SAP Manufacturing.
SAP Manufacturing is a powerful, enterprise-level, scalable, manufacturing business solution that enables global manufacturers to manage and control manufacturing and shop floor operations. It provides a multi-faceted set of features that integrates business systems to the shop floor, allowing for complete component and material-level visibility for single and global installations.
SAP Manufacturing ensures that product is designed and built right the first time, collecting data from multiple sources and integrating data systems with shop floor activities to create one comprehensive production record.
The result is an aggregate record of the entire product history, stored and available for effective key decision-making and for meeting compliance requirements.
As a Support Engineer, you trouble-shoot and solve incoming customer problems that are reported online through the customer service system. This task regularly involves liaising with development teams. By utilizing teamwork, knowledge databases, problem simulation, and remote work on customer systems, you will collaborate to resolve issues while achieving excellent customer satisfaction.
Tasks:
Among other responsibilities, you should expect to do many of the following:
Investigate, analyze complex, real world, unique problems; and resolve critical system issues for Enterprise level Fortune 500 companies.
Think independently and apply effective problem-solving skills.
Technical problem solving
Work and talk with colleagues and customers from all around the world!
Recommend known technical solutions and develop workarounds for corrective action.
Properly document communications and actions for customer issues in our CRM system.
Use SAP and third-party Tools to diagnose problems directly on customer systems.
Contribute regularly to the internal and external Knowledge Base.
Participate in After Hours Support & Weekend shifts as scheduled.
Master SAP software that is being used by industries and multinational companies
Join the our global Family and become an ambassador for the Support Organization.
Requirements:
University degree or College diploma program in Computer Science, Business and Technology, or related areas.
Excellent communication and customer service skills
High proficiency in English (spoken, written and customer management).
Ability to assess, research, and troubleshoot while collecting information about customer issues.
Having good programming skills in JAVA is highly preferred.
Good understanding of Relational Databases (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server).
Proficiency in operating systems (Unix/Linux/Windows).
Knowledge of production processes is an advantage.
Excellent analytical skills.
Open and professional communication style.
Strong team player who learns and adapts quickly.
Enjoy and derive satisfaction from direct interfacing with customers.
Work Experience:
Fresh graduates are welcome.
Experience in IT Support is of advantage.
Experience with ERP Systems is of advantage.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
 SAP Ariba Expert
Hays Hungary Kft. -
SAP Key user MM/PP
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP ABAP Developer - Specialist
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Solution Architect
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Technical Expert (Archiving)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
