Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Integration Platform Engineer (Budapest)
Integration Platform Engineer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Integration Platform Engineer
Your new company
Life Sciences companies have intertwined into our daily lives and they have a significant impact in every aspect of the economy. Our multinational partner is the number one software provider for the Life Sciences sector in Europe and Worldwide, and now you have the opportunity to join them as an Integration Platform Engineer!
Your new role
Predict and manage issues and proactively work by collaborating with different teams to resolve them,
Contribute to the development of the integration toolset,
Ensure monitoring is set on all layers of the integration platform, including cloud resource components, integration schedules, and jobs,
Ensure the availability of the platform,
Orchestrate CI / CD workflows,
Occasional knowledge transfer and ad-hoc training of internal and external clients,
40% of development (enhance the platform), 40% of the operational task, 20% of learning.
What you'll need to succeed
2+ years of professional experience in developer roles (Java, Spring, Scripting) or as a System Administrator,
Understanding relational databases (SQL), Version Control, API principles, Continuous Integration, XML, and package automation
Fluent English skills,
Integration experience with ETL tools
Understanding the development lifecycle (from Requirement Definition to Maintenance)
Creative handling of errors previously not seen
Comfortable with working with methodological procedures.
What you'll get in return
Almost full home office opportunity on the long term - office presence is only expected during the learning and training period.
Home office contribution.
Cafeteria, AYCM.
Long term career opportunity, professional development with continuous training  events.
A role that will be rather a developer one in 1 year. 
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
