Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Junior SAP VIM specialist - German speaking (Budapest)
Junior SAP VIM specialist - German speaking (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
német - középfokú
Junior SAP VIM specialist - German speaking
Would you like to work in the PTP field? Do you like animal-friendly companies? Then you do not have to look any further, because Fressnapf is hiring a Vendor Invoice Management Specialist.
What to expect
Maintenance of all VIM users and VIM tables, monitoring and analysis of the data
Creation of documentation, participation in projects as well as execution and analysis of tests in EM2
Optimization of VIM processes, including the creation of CRs as well as training all employees on updates
Processing of accounts payable accounts of the assigned accounting area
Processing of all incoming invoices in VIM according to activity split, KPI and VAT regulations
What convinces us
Excellent English skills in speaking and writing, solid knowledge of German required
Previous experience in AP, PTP processes
Experience in invoice receipt software, ideally with the program VIM, creation of VIM tables
Relevant experience in SAP FI is required
Analytical skills, high degree of personal responsibility
Hands on mentality and fast customer-oriented problem-solving abilities
What we offer you
The love of animals is our Fressnapf DNA – if you have a dog, you can bring him/her to work with you
Unique corporate culture – with us you will experience openness, transparency and appreciation in an innovative, dynamic environment – because we love what we do
Here you can be YOU, the “you” culture will be used across entire company and across all hierarchical levels
An extremely successful business model in combination with permanent expansion and high growth, even in uncertain times
Work-life balance and flexible working hours – with us you have the opportunity use the advantages of mobile working
Because you deserve it! – Attractive remuneration as well as various additional services and benefits, e.g. employee discounts or cafeteria scheme, are a matter of course for us
Stay connected! – Cohesion is very important to us: with the employee app or digital
We Care! – The well-being of our employees is important to us
Your development is important to us – we support you with a wide range of learning opportunities
If you are interested in the position, please send us your up-to-date, English CV.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP Ariba Expert
Hays Hungary Kft. -
SAP Key user MM/PP
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP ABAP Developer - Specialist
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Solution Architect
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Technical Expert (Archiving)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
