Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Intermediate Application Security Analyst (Budapest)
Intermediate Application Security Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Aegon Global Technology Services (GTS) provides IT infrastructure and application support services to the Aegon businesses. GTS is responsible for the provision, support and ongoing maintenance of IT operating platforms, applications and services. There is also a strong connection with external providers necessitating vendor and service provider management. GTS is responsible for driving the technology strategy and providing IT infrastructure solutions that are in alignment with business objectives and the GTS technology strategy.
Intermediate Application Security Analyst
Tasks
You will be responsible for implementing, monitoring, and processing security requests for various business applications on multiple platforms, following best practice, regulatory, and compliance standards for Access Controls.
Key Duties, Accountabilities, and Responsibilities:
Process and respond to requests submitted, abiding by application security guidelines, procedures, compliance, and regulatory needs
Performs all procedures necessary to ensure adherence to access controls best practices for business applications.
Must be able to manage multiple activities at the same time
Interfaces with the user community to understand application security needs, modifies procedures following compliance standards. Identify potential threats and responds appropriately.
Ensures that user community understands and adheres to necessary procedures to maintain compliance.
Conducts accurate evaluation of level of security required
Review, recommend, and implement changes to procedures and systems to enhance application security and efficient processing. Provides management with status reports on activities.
Provide general support for applications as they relate to security functions.
Interact and maintain effective relationships and helps develop documentation as new processes and procedures evolve.
Understands and may participate in or facilitate audit process (gather data, explain processes/procedures) for compliance of systems, standards, and processes.
Effectively applies fundamental concepts; works on assignments of moderate scope and complexity, with limited oversight; makes recommendations for changes to procedures, and performs varied work, requiring some originality or ingenuity.
Other duties as assigned based on divisional needs.
Conforms with and abides by all regulations, policies, work procedures, instructions, and all health and safety rules.
Exhibits regular, reliable, punctual, and predictable attendance.
Requirements
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in a related business field or equivalent knowledge.
Minimum of 2 years previous related work experience.
Knowledgeable of security processes, ability to maintain regulatory compliance, detail-oriented, results-driven, with exposure to common technology environments.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with application security, base understanding of compliance, regulatory, and best practices for access controls.
Experience with Active Directory, mainframe, client-server, and web-based application is helpful.
Advanced communication and customer service skills.
Ability to work in a team environment, adapt quickly to change, and learn new applications, environments, or processes.
Aptitude to learn and apply Technology.
Exposure to operational risk practices.
Offers
Brand new office at excellent location;
Training and career opportunities;
Competitive salary
Workplace
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Solution Administrator- OT-Security (REF805P)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF482J
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
