Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
IT Portal Business Analyst (junior) (Budapest)
IT Portal Business Analyst (junior) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
IT portal expert (junior)
Tasks:
● Design, develop and manage the user front end of the IT Portal (including shopping cart and self-services)
● Optimize existing workflows and drive the level of automation for group-wide IT services
● Analysis, evaluation and prioritization of requirements and demands regarding the IT portal
● Ensuring the IT portal operation including 2nd / 3rd support, test management and documentation
● Active collaboration and assumption of responsibilities in a cross-functional team
Our client is a global technology company supplying systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and industrial technology, enabling the next generation of mobility. They allow vehicles to see, think and act. In the four technology domains of Vehicle Motion Control, Integrated Safety, Automated Driving, and Electric Mobility, the company offers comprehensive product and software solutions for established vehicle manufacturers and newly emerging transport and mobility service providers. Our client electrifies a wide range of vehicle types. With its products, the company contributes to reducing emissions, protecting the climate and enhancing safe mobility.
Requirements:
● University degree of computer science, business or equivalent qualification is a must
● Fluent in English
● min. 0,5 year experience in the administration and development of portals/web shops or web applications
● Proven analytical abilities in addition to strong troubleshooting and diagnostic skills
Advantages:
● Experience in process automation (workflow development and management)
Offers:
● Stable company background and long-term working possibility
● Full of challenges and high-level professional activities at an international company
● Participation in international projects and commission to foreign countries
● Career opportunities, continuous training program and language courses
● Competitive salary and performance-related bonus
● Cafeteria with optional elements
● School start support
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - REF1436I
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - Experienced (REF1362F)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Service Delivery Manager|Senior (REF427S)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operation Manager Agile (PowerBI) (REF1406L)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF1229O
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
