Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cloud Software Engineer (with .NET) (Budapest)
Cloud Software Engineer (with .NET) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
Senior SQL Developer (with .NET)
Develop in Microsoft SQL database including database design and business logic (MDS and Analysis Services). (in 65%)
Develop applications using Microsoft .NET and C# and develop distributed n-tier applications. (in 35%)
Work directly with stakeholders and provide technical solutions for business applications and integrations.
Participate in the full project life cycle for client engagements, from proof of concept through design and development, integration, testing, support, and maintenance of the business system applications.
Componentize existing business logic and make it available as a service which can be reusable across multiple business system applications.
Review code, integrate application modules for system testing, and ensure that standards are followed.
Work with automated test cases, design and perform unit testing, document technical design using UML methodology, and mentor other team members with hands-on development work.
Develop in Microsoft Azure Technologies (logic apps, functions, database engines).
Recommend solutions which take into consideration costs, business needs, and system impacts.
Work within an agile environment.
Participate in initiatives and projects as assigned.
Part of on call rotation.
Aegon Global Technology Service (GTS) provides technology infrastructure support as well as business consulting services to the Aegon USA, European enterprise and business partners.
The information technology services encompasses regional services, enterprise-wide application services, architecture, product assessment, customer service, internet and messaging, server management, telecommunications, security, data service and more.
Bachelors degree in a computer related field or equivalent knowledge and at least 6 years of experience in systems analysis, system development, and database design. 
Strong database SQL Server skills with the ability to write and understand complex SQL statements.
Cloud Azure experience and understanding cloud concepts.
Strong skill set working with ETL tools and workflow tools.
Development experience to include C#, .Net, ASP.Net, and MVC.
Experience with DevOps (CI/CD)
Knowledge of ServiceNow, Jira and Confluence preferred. 
Ability to use problem-solving and analytical skills to plan, design, implement, upgrade and support complex application systems.
Ability to work under tight deadlines and navigate complex situations.
Excellent English communication skills with the ability to work across multi-functional international teams. 
Confident and effective dealing with stakeholders and end users.
Understanding of Agile principles and concepts.
Benefits besides compensation/salary:
Home office 
Flexible working hours 
Health Insurance 
Yoga classes 
Life Fitness discount 
Training & Development opportunities 
Highly people-centric environment
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Data Analytics Expert
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Scientist
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Reporting Expert - Azure environment
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Junior Reporting Specialist
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Oracle Integration Cloud Specialist
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
