Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
RAN Support Engineer (Budapest)
RAN Support Engineer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
RAN Support Engineer
Your new company
Approximately 40% of the world’s mobile traffic is carried through our partner's Network. The fifth generation (5G) of Radio Access Networks (RAN) is happening now and this Swedish Telco company is the recognized technology leader in bringing it to the market. From connected automobiles to wireless online gaming and connecting the “Internet of Things”, the possibilities are endless. As the telecoms industry deploys 5G networks around the globe, technologies such as automation and virtualization, plays a key role in future network evolution, there has never been a better time for you to make your mark. 
This is a great opportunity to undertake a RAN support engineer role using the best solutions available in a fast-paced telecommunication environment. You will be a key part of an engineering group using agile management and engineering practices. Come and join our RAN support team now! 
Are you a Junior/Medior/Senior candidate? Apply, there is place for every seniority!
Your new role
Fix and resolve problems to stabilize and optimize customer networks. 
Work with assigned CSR tickets, using support tools according to global support processes and procedures. 
Through contact with external customers collect data and information about any specific problem that has been reported to the company.
Handle customer issues. 
Work, collaborate, and communicate in an international environment, both with colleagues internally as well as customers and suppliers of the company.
You may have the opportunity to travel internationally and work in different cultural environments. 
Emergency Support handling can be encouraged in the longer run. 
What you'll need to succeed
BSc or MSc degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent 
RAN Demonstrated ability (2G/3G/4G/5G) 
Good command of English language, both verbal and written 
Negotiation & argumentation skills 
Planning & organizing skills 
Delivering results & meeting customer expectations 
Applying expertise & technology 
What you'll get in return
You´ll have an outstanding opportunity. The chance to use your skills and imagination to push the boundaries of what´s possible. To build never seen before solutions to some of the world’s toughest problems. You´ll be challenged, but you won’t be alone. You´ll be joining a team of diverse innovators, all driven to go beyond the status quo to craft what comes next. 
cafeteria
bonuses
flexible HO policy
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Microsoft Application Administrator - Skype for Business, Teams (REF974Y)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Solution Manager - REF144R
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator - Azure Operations Manager
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Management Support Consultant - Business Area, Private Cloud & Platform Services (m/w/d) (REF1439H)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
