Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Embedded Software Engineer (Budapest)
Senior Embedded Software Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Senior Embedded Software Engineer
Your new company
A leading software and hardware provider on the emerging Vehicle-to-Vehicle and Vehicle-to-Infrastructure (V2X) communication market, with a mission to increase traffic safety and efficiency on the road.
Your new role
Development of our complex V2X software stack for different regions (such as EU, US, Japan) with networking, transport, and facility services.
Implement support for Linux and various hard-real-time platforms with different HW components.
Development of API bindings for external devices and various purposes.
Development of applications for safety and optimization purposes.
What you'll need to succeed
Technical requirements:
Programming experience in C language. Detailed knowledge of C99 means an advantage.
Experience in Linux-based software development, using Linux as a development platform.
Solid understanding of network systems and protocols.
Advantages:
Experience with AUTOSAR and Adaptive AUTOSAR environments as a developer.
Experience with embedded Linux system development (e.g. DD-WRT, OpenWRT, Yocto, OpenEmbedded).
Experience with automotive coding standards (e.g. MISRA).
Experience with real-time operating systems.
Experience with elliptic curve or other public-key cryptography solutions.
General requirements:
Computer Science or Software Engineering degree or equivalent work experience.
At least 5 years of relevant work experience.
Ability to meet deadlines.
Ability and willingness to learn quickly, analyze and solve tasks independently and proactively
Working knowledge of English.
What you'll get in return
Market and trends overview of the automotive industry, Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS), autonomous cars and the technologies that will be built in every vehicle in the following years 
Opportunity to grow professionally in a dynamic working environment 
A long-term career opportunity in building a Budapest based tech company rapidly growing to the global markets (EU, US, Asia) 
Flexible working hours 
Steady work in a cooperative and friendly team 
Competitive salary 
Cafeteria and Private health insurance
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
