Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Head of Product (Budapest)
Head of Product (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
Marketing, PR, média
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Our client is a Hungarian start-up specializing in AR/VR/3D products to its global clientele. Currently, we are looking for a Head of Product for one their product line.
Head of Product
Tasks
Create, update, and maintain a sanitized list of backlog items and prioritize them based on the overall strategy and business objectives.
Streamline the execution of product/feature priorities while maintaining the conceptual and technical integrity of the features or components for the team.
Own the long-term direction for the product. 
Identify customer insights to ensure the product is the best it can be, through user testing and research initiatives.
Break down the high-level features into user stories and create a backlog of small product increments for the development team (SME (Subject Matter expert) is onboard and can help)
Facilitate workshops to capture requirements at all levels of detail.
Use a range of techniques to document and communicate business requirements in a way that is meaningful to the business and product development team.
Lead product feature ‘showcase’ sessions to the client that highlight and demonstrate the features in development.
Take ownership for the UAT process for each product feature.
Juggle the triangle of scope, budget, and time, weighing priorities according to the needs and objectives of stakeholders.
Play a key role throughout each event, including planning, refinement, review, and sprint; inspect and evaluate product progress through each iteration.
Work closely with the development team to ensure requirements are understood, and provide a fast, dynamic feedback loop for queries and changes.
Requirements
Minimum 5 years of working on Product teams that have successfully launched and supported consumer-facing software.
Minimum 3 years agile experience, preferably in 3D printing and/or healthcare.
Experience in SDLC (software development lifecycle).
Excellent written and verbal English communication skills.
Inquisitiveness and drive to learn and develop.
Proven track record of on-time delivery of projects.
Offers
Working with an innovative product in the 3D printing area
Downtown office with all kinds of VR/AR gadgets (HoloLens 2, Oculus Rift, etc.)
Competitive salary
Dynamic, start-up environment
Workplace
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Java Team Leader
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Incident Manager - experienced (REF1210J)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Lead Full stack developer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Software Engineer (in Platform Engineering)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead - Devops (REF1105J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
