Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Engineer Security and Forensics (OTC) - REF761L (Budapest)
Senior Engineer Security and Forensics (OTC) - REF761L (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employerin Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH)is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sitesin Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Senior Engineer Security and Forensics (OTC) - REF761L
The Public Cloud Portfolio Unit operates on a national and international level, for medium-sized and large companies. We develop, market and operate agile, cloud-native, forward-looking products and services for the digital world. We see ourselves as innovation drivers and make our customers' business fit for the digital future. Our mission: Together with our customer, shaping the safest, easiest, and most efficient transformation to a digitized and cloud-native future.
Your Department:
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group.
We are measured by delivering a secure, stable and innovative platform. We work jointly with our platform partner and other partners out of the OpenStack ecosystem to create a highly innovative public cloud product based on European security and data protection standards.
We are looking for people who are professionals and evangelists with a great deal of enthusiasm for cloud technology and who are up to the challenges created by the development and operation of a hyper-scale public cloud.
We offer a unique insight into how a large public cloud works under the hood, intercultural teamwork, flat hierarchies and an independent working-style.
Your Tasks:
As an "Engineer Security and Forensics Public Cloud" you understand the latest developments in the field of Security & Cloud. You respond to and prevent cyberattacks, security breaches and data breaches.
Do you like?
Analyze and mitigate data and cyber risks.
Preventively perform penetration tests and actively combat attacks.
Provide forensic analysis and implement measures.
Be a trusted advisor on information and IT security.
Work in a team of specialists where everyone helps each other in an open and trusting manner.
Your Profile: 
Completed studies in a technical, engineering or scientific subject or comparable professional training.
3-5 years of professional experience in IT ideally with cloud security.
Relevant certification in IT security.
Hands-on experience with averted attacks and forensic analysis.
Knowledge of relevant scanning/assessment tools.
Strong experience in Linux and network related services.
High level of customer focus.
Knowledge of agile development processes.
Fluency in written and spoken English.
You will be working in the European Union to meet our customers' data security and privacy requirements.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Solution Administrator- OT-Security (REF805P)
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF482J
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
