Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Frontend Software Engineer (Angular) (Budapest)
Frontend Software Engineer (Angular) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Frontend Software Engineer (Angular)
The Company
Diligent is the pioneer in modern governance. We empower leaders to turn governance into a competitive advantage through unparalleled insight and highly secure, integrated SaaS applications, helping organizations thrive and endure in today’s complex, global landscape. The largest global network of corporate directors and executives, Diligent is relied on by more than 19,000 organizations and nearly 700,000 leaders in over 90 countries. With award-winning customer service, Diligent serves more than 50% of the Fortune 1000, 70% of the FTSE 100, and 65% of the ASX. Our passionate, smart, and creative group of more than 1,000 employees support customers around the globe.
Position Overview
Boards Admin and Boards Director are two of Diligent’s most high profile applications, providing boards and executives with modern governance tools that allows the board to expand their reach outside the boardroom as well as meeting requirements such as distribution of board meeting materials in a secure environment.
Diligent is looking for software engineers to join our Center for Global Product Innovation in Budapest. Ideal candidates will be capable of applying effective analysis, design, programming, and testing skills to produce and maintain scaled SaaS software solutions. They will be driven, resourceful and not feel intimidated by significant technical challenges. They will value team culture and see their success as the team’s success.
Key Responsibilities
In addition to core development activities for core modules and integration projects, you will be required to:
Design, code, review and test assigned features and user stories, in accordance with the agile methodology employed by Diligent
Collaborate with the product owners in the analysis and documentation of technical requirements and user stories
Assist with production of high quality operational and system documentation as required
Communicate effectively with other development teams, production operations, and a number of other technology groups, to ensure regular smooth delivery of working software
Required Experience/Skills:
3+ years’ experience in a hands-on development role at a commercial software company
Angular 2+ (with 7/8 preferred), JavaScript, Typescript (Experience in other modern web frameworks such as React/Vue/Ember/Svelte) may be an acceptable substitute
.NET/.NET core (Java may be an acceptable substitute)
Experience with common patterns in distributed systems (REST, SOA)
Familiarity with Source Code Control Systems (e.g. Git/GitHub)
Good communication skills, both written and oral
Ability to contribute to the effectiveness of a high-performing agile team
Successfully manage own workload, and take personal responsibility and ownership for delivery, behaviors, and self-improvement
Preferred and not essential
Familiarity with DevOps practices, including containerization, test automation, build servers, performance monitoring, static analysis
Microsites/Micro front ends
Test Driven Development experience
Experience in agile/lean methodologies and processes
Willingness to learn new languages and frameworks
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
