Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
M365 Platform Management & Operations Expert (Budapest)
M365 Platform Management & Operations Expert (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
Our client is a global technology company supplying systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and industrial technology, enabling the next generation of mobility. They allow vehicles to see, think and act. In the four technology domains of Vehicle Motion Control, Integrated Safety, Automated Driving, and Electric Mobility, the company offers comprehensive product and software solutions for established vehicle manufacturers and newly emerging transport and mobility service providers. Our client electrifies a wide range of vehicle types. With its products, the company contributes to reducing emissions, protecting the climate and enhancing safe mobility.
The new colleague will work in normal office hours (no shifts), and a very flexible HO policy is available with multiple options.
M365 Platform Management & Operations Expert
Feladatok
Responsibility for the M365 evergreen process
Ensuring and developing a professional M365 license management and optimize usage via relevant up- and downgrades
Automation and optimization of M365 operating processes (PowerShell, PowerPlatform)
Advice to M365 service owners regarding overarching processes and regulations
Processing of M365 support tickets
Engage in the continuous Merger and Acquisition (M&A) projects to bundle and act as single point of contact for M365 relevant activities
Követelmények
Experience in the operation of cloud solutions (preferably M365)
Process automation skills and KPI / dashboard creation is an advantage (PowerShell, PowerApps, PowerBI)
Customer focus and trouble-shooting experience
Ability to work in an international and virtual team environment as well as independent work
Good level of English language knowledge
Amit kínálunk
Stable company background and long-term working possibility
Full of challenges and high-level professional activities at an international company
Participation in international projects and commission to foreign countries
Career opportunities, continuous training program and language courses
Competitive salary and performance-related bonus 
Cafeteria with optional elements
Home office work
School start support
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Solution Administrator- OT-Security (REF805P)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF482J
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
