Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
SAP Solution Architect (Budapest)
SAP Solution Architect (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
SAP Solution Architect
As an SAP Solution Architect your tasks and responsibilities will be the following:
Guide business process optimisation with focus on improvements of the assigned applications.
Protect information security in order to prevent data loss and to guarantee confidentiality, including  being an ambassador for preventive risk management in the areas of applications (e.g. screening OSS messages, DRP, patching etc.) and the assigned databases.
Develop functional, non-functional and technical specifications together with business representatives.
Define technical specifications (incl. specifying capacity and landscape requirements beyond the installed base, data-pipelines and ETLs) in close cooperation with other IT&Solutions
Develop the conceptual design and/or architecture of solutions supporting business processes in cooperation with the business representatives and vendor development/functional leads
Provide customer care and ensure adequate quality of selected services by handling critical and escalated incidents & requests on or beyond company level in close cooperation with business representatives and drive root-cause analysis and long-term solutions beyond the installed technology at Nitro. Initiate, drive and implement application and business process improvements based on external and internal customer input and own expertise.
Ensure the realization of solutions and perform quality assurance, including operational vendor management.
Participate actively in the work of agile teams (scrum) of the assigned projects, by co-planning, co-prioritising, and co-evaluating the teamwork and executing the tasks agreed with the team members.
Lead projects as application/technical expert (e.g. stream leader) and support project leaders in planning.
Drive the integration within solutions to reduce complexity. Follow-up proactively on technology and business trends and application enhancements (e.g. new releases) and new or alternative products. Influence and challenge the business with these insights.
Provide expert knowledge and guidance related to the assigned group of applications and the related SAP ecosystem. Influence business and IT stakeholders to obtain confirmation/sign-off of new solutions and their implementation.
Promote and practice compliance to Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL), challenge and develop Nitro IT standards.
A leading provider of innovative solutions in base chemicals and fertilizers, with headquarters in Vienna, our partner is looking for SAP Solution Architect to join their team in Budapest. 
As an ideal candidate you:
have proven experience as a SAP Solution Architect
understand architectural issues, factor them into decisions and recommendations
being a recognised expert in the assigned group of applications
have strong experience in PP/PM/PS/MM/SD (experience in MII&QM is an advantage)
have in depth understanding of the data bases of the related applications and their interconnectivity to the SAP ecosystem 
are fluent in English
are analytical, conceptual, process and customer oriented thinking (productive partnerships)
What our partner can offer for you:
opportunity for professional and personal development
competitive compensation package
open company culture
cafeteria and health insurance
to be part of a growing organization
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP Ariba Expert
Hays Hungary Kft. -
SAP Key user MM/PP
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP ABAP Developer - Specialist
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Technical Expert (Archiving)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
SAP Master Data Specialist 
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
