Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Lead LV and HV Power System Engineer (Budapest)
Lead LV and HV Power System Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Lead LV and HV Power System Engineer
About our partner:
We’re re-examining our vehicles and what a vehicle means in the emerging world of automation, connectedness, electrification and the shared economy. New ideas, new technology, and new approaches to mobility are our business. Join a team of next generation thinkers.
Tasks:
The Power Architecture team designs and delivers low voltage (LV) and hazardous voltage (HV) power supply systems for Jaguar Land Rover vehicles. We have responsibility for LV and HV power supply systems on all JLR powertrain variants, from conventional internal combustion engine (ICE) to mild-hybrid (MHEV), plug-in-hybrid (PHEV) and battery electric vehicles(BEV). Power Architecture is a rapid growth area and is a key enabler for Electrification and ADAS.
The Lead LV and HV Power System Engineeris responsible for the design, verification and validation of LV and HV Power Supply Systems.
As part of the team your role will be to ensure the following:
Design and development of new LV and HV power supply system architectures
Development and execution of power supply system Design Validation (DV) plans
Creation and documentation of power supply system requirements, test cases and test procedures ∙ Power supply system issue resolution (pre and post J#1)
Ensuring compliance with Regulations and Standards (internal and external)
Delivering tasks and projects on time and on budget
Requirements:
Technical knowledge and experience of LV and/or HV power supply systems design and/or validation
Experience of system-level and/or component-level issue resolution and practical ability
Ability to communicate complex technical concepts, data and conclusions within the team and to stakeholders
Electrical or electronics engineering degree (or equivalent)
Knowledge and understanding of systems engineering principles (including MBSE & SysML)
Knowledge and experience of the product creation process
Knowledge and experience of power system protection, load flow, harmonic and transient analysis
Knowledge and experience of power electronics components
Knowledge and experience of energy storage components
Experience of structured problem solving (8D)
Experience of failure mode avoidance (including DFMEA)
Knowledge and experience of functional safety (ISO 26262)
Knowledge and experience of other systems (electric propulsion, ADAS, steering, braking etc)
Proficient in MATLAB/Simulink
Requirements Management using DOORS/TRM
Experience of CAN/LIN & Flexray tools such as CANaylzer and CANape
What we offer:
Bring all this to the home of premium innovation, and you’ll find the opportunities to further your career working with a world-class team in state-of-the-art facilities. We offer a competitiv salary and a performance related bonus scheme. All this and more makes the company is the perfect place to continue your journey.
We are committed to equal opportunity for all.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist (REF705I)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Incident responder (cert) ref68o
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) - REF482J
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Application Administrator - Azure Operations Manager
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
