Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Network Security Engineer (Budapest)
Network Security Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Network Security Engineer
Tasks:
Plan, build and execute technical solution designs for the delivery of both high-performance and resilience information security technologies to support the company’s Low Latency Electronic Trading environments.
Produce high quality documentation, schematics and presentation materials as needed
Participate in various reporting functions, analysis of metrics, key performance indicators and vulnerability remediation initiatives
Ensure the continued stability and resilience of the infrastructure by adhering to strict change management guidelines
Provide individual leadership in the realm of change, incident, and problem management
Form collaborative working relationships across geographical boundaries with other internal functions for the purpose of managing internal or external client requirements in alignment with business needs and company policies/standards
Troubleshoot complex connectivity issues often involving multiple support teams
Adhere to corporate and Information Security and other functional standards and controls
Our Client is one of the leading investment banks, with the biggest private network in the world, and for their growing professional team, we are looking for a Network Security Engineer.:
Requirements
Professional to expert level proficiency, hands-on skillset including command-line and central management platform
Network knowledge of routing, switching and wide area networking with understanding of industry standard command line syntax, inclusive of modern network virtualization concepts to a professional level proficiency
A hands-on practical familiarity with Network Security capabilities including: Firewalls, ACL’s, intrusion detection, proxies, vulnerability scanning, DNS, DDoS Mitigation, SIEM platforms
Also desired/emphasized are:
A good level of understanding of service management fundamentals such as ITIL for change management and incident management
Any operational exposure working within a bank or financial institution would be a positive as would basic scripting capabilities i.e. Perl, Python, Bash, Powershell and basic understanding of Unix/Linux CLI
Basic to intermediate knowledge of well-known public cloud environments (IaaS, PaaS) and cloud native security controls that are available to protect cloud based resources
Relevant Certifications:  Juniper, Check Point, Palo Alto firewalls. CISSP or CCNA/CCNP as a plus.
Highly competitive compensation package;
Home office opportunity;
Long-term career path across geographies and business lines;
Work in strategical projects with high exposure and management visibility;
Flexible work arrangement;
Friendly work atmosphere;
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Incident Manager - experienced (REF1210J)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Server and Network Management team leader
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Service Delivery Manager (IT Security) (REF192G)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Software Architect
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Cybersecurity Project Manager
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
