Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
DevOps Engineer - Networking field (REF222U) (Budapest)
DevOps Engineer - Networking field (REF222U) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
DevOps Engineer - Networking field (REF222U)
Tasks:
Full definition, preparation (High and low level lab design), follow-up, validation and documentation of test results
Test and measuring devices and lab infrastructure requirements and test automation by scripts
Using of Network Domain Orchestratorrel Automation
Gradual involvement in network planning, Review design documents from Planning or Engineering, modify and improve for lab architecture 
Configuration, customizing, and implementation of customized solutions for projects. 
Analysis of functional and technical requirements for software, platforms, and infrastructure 
Technical support of test projects 
Maintenance of planning and design documentation 
Participation in projects for the whole life cycle of the projects 
Description/Creation/Revision of test cases Automation of test cases Specification of product features environment ( Phython)
FTTB, BNG based L2/L3 based mass market and individual products (Skills: Gherkin/Cucumber) 
Skills (minimum 4 from these):
Cisco CCNP exam or equivalent knowledge and relevant experience
Juniper exam or experience
English intermediate level
Openness to new network technologies
Gherkin and Cucumber knowhow
Phython, Java , Javascript knowhow
Basic knowhow about Test Automation Framework (TAF)
Accurate and thorough work, inclination to learn, teamwork 
Jira, Gitlab, Docker knowhow or relevant experience
CI/CD knowhow
Jason/ Kubernetes knowhow or relevant experience
SQL database knowhow
Vmware experience
Advantages:
Experience in agile methodology
German (B2 level) or willingness to learn german
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
