Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Functional Safety Engineer (Budapest)
Functional Safety Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Functional Safety Engineer
We are looking for a talented Functional Safety Engineer to join our growing team.
The candidate will report to our TBA (Engineering Manager – Integration & Test OR Software). You will work on the design, development, and integration of our world-class electric vehicle control systems.
As the Functional Safety engineering you will lead all activities relating to Functional Safety activities working closely with cross domain engineering teams, key program and customer stakeholders and certification/regulatory agencies.
You will be involved from a Functional Safety perspective in the Conceptual, Architectural, Design and Test phases of product development. The functional safety work products will be critical for certification for application deployment.
It will be important that you are able to articulate, coach and champion Functional Safety requirements and best practices throughout the organisation.
As the Functional Safety Engineer, you will be a key portal for information internally and externally relating to this subject.
Requirements:
A passionate interest in electric transport/mobility and an interest in developing new generations of electric mobility solutions.
A qualification in Electrical or Computer Systems Engineering.
Implementation of the requirements adhering to functional safety standard ISO 26262
Leading and coordination of creation of functional safety work products according to ISO 26262
Experience using safety analysis (HARA, FTA, HAZOP, FMEA) and tools (PLM).
Experience development of Functional Safety Concepts, Technical Safety Requirements and Technical Safety Concpets with relevant domain engineering teams.
Established safety validation plans with relevant test engineers.
Strong understanding of product development for automotive and ISO 26262, ASIL decomposition, safety mechanism.
Demonstrated execution experience in delivering functional safety projects.
Excellent understanding of the EV vehicle and its main core components
A strong analytical ability and being able to articulate the findings to keystake holders.
Great interpersonal and communication skills with an ability to articulate technical content,
Support of ISO 26262 TUV certification
Other Useful Experience:
Industry experience with IEC61508
Experience working closely with electrical and software engineering teams on safety critical systems with human interaction.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Ability to mentor, coach and arbitrate with your engineering peers.
Industry experience in robotics, automotive or similar.
Experienced in product development within an A-Spice framework
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) Consultant - REF142Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
COGNOS expert (REF1469X)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Experienced IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1435M)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
