Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Medior Service Operations /Change Management Analyst (Budapest)
Medior Service Operations /Change Management Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
SSC (Shared Service Center)
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Global Technology Services (GTS) partners with the Aegon businesses to provide global IT standards and governance, global IT procurement services, and IT infrastructure, application, and cloud support services.
From 6 locations in the US, the Netherlands, UK, and Hungary, the company support 20+ country units and 24000+ employees in the world. 
All of these teams work closely together to provide innovative and digital solutions as well as critical technology support.
This is essential for enabling businesses around the globe to be innovative, digital and competitive, efficient and effective and to provide the best solutions and customer experience for our customers and shareholders.
The Intermediate Service Management Analyst is responsible for supporting the delivery of critical services for each team that comprises Production Support. Service Management practices include Problem Management; Knowledge Management, Incident Management, Change Enablement, Capacity, Availability and Performance Management and Service Introduction.
Medior Service Operations /Change Management Analyst
Tasks
Understands and follows standards, policies, and procedures.
Knows fundamental process management based on ITIL and business analysis skill set. 
Design and develop user training and job aids
Develops testing plans to confirm processes are in alignment with operational requirements
Seeks to understand impact of actions on others (team, GTS, other business unit customers)
Communicates in a way that demonstrates appropriate timing, audience, content, and method
Works to identify optimal solutions or root cause of issues
Competency in gathering, analyzing, classifying, and documenting requirements
Possesses and applies comprehensive knowledge of Enterprise process and procedure issues.
Participates successfully on a project team with minimal assistance.
Works from established procedures with limited instructions
Performs varied work, requiring some originality
Makes recommendations for changes to procedures
Effectively applies fundamental concepts of function
Working knowledge of project management concepts, able to manage subsets of project tasks
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related degree or equivalent work experience and minimum of 2-4 years technical enterprise work experience.
Experience in change management in multinational environment
Excellent time management skills including the ability to juggle multiple priorities simultaneously.
Strong decision making and problem-solving skills.
Ability to stay committed to the task even during times of frequent change or information delays.
Comfortable working with multiple teams.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Accurate and precise attention to detail.
Able to build strong interpersonal relationships with teammates, leadership, senior management, and internal and external stakeholders.
Proficient computer skills, Microsoft Office Suite; working knowledge of software development.
Offers
Home office
Flexible working hours 
Health Insurance
Yoga classes 
Life Fitness discount 
Training & Development opportunities 
Highly people-centric environment
Workplace
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - REF1436I
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Java Architect - Software Architect - PLM area (REF399Q)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Lead Java Developer (REF883E)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Operations Manager - Experienced (REF1362F)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Service Delivery Manager|Senior (REF427S)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
