Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Regional Business Analyst (Budapest)
Regional Business Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Regional Business Analyst
Job Description
Coordinate and drive the successful and timely implementation of the P2P modules/platform. The ideal candidate would work collaboratively with AP Functional team members in the completion of a number of programs and projects, in addition to successfully completing BAU transformation activities in the region. Experience in either implementing ERP applications, or deep experience supporting or using ERP applications along with leadership competencies. The position requires a dynamic person who can adapt quickly to different challenges, opportunities, and programs. The successful candidate will be a self-starter who is an expert problem solver, and who works well within a team environment.
Responsibilities:
Formulate and define systems scope and project objectives through research activities and provide guidance to new or lower level analysts
Analyze business client needs, document requirements and new technology, and derive test cases
Define and analyze enhancements and assist in redesigning business processes and process automation
Prepare reports, metrics and presentations and exchange ideas/information in a concise and logical manner between business units and IT
Identify risk and consider business implications of the application of technology to the current business environment
Test systems to ensure projects meet requirements and identify system problems to develop solutions based on analyses
Resolve problems by translating business requirements into technical solutions and identifying and selecting solutions through the application of acquired technical experience and precedent
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.
Qualifications:
Experience in data analysis with intermediate/advanced Microsoft Office Suite skills
Knowledge of applicable business systems and industry standards
Proven analytical, data analysis, organization and presentation skills
Demonstrated ability to manage a diverse project portfolio
Consistently passionate for research, ideation and exploration with understanding of business analysis procedures and concepts
Consistently demonstrate clear and concise written and verbal communication
Proven ability to work independently and in a team with understanding of how collaboration accomplishes objectives
Additional Job Description
7 - 10 years’ experience in enterprise applications
Knowledge on Oracle ERP Procure to Pay Accounts Payable module, is preferred
Preferred experience interacting with multiple clients/users in an IT analyst role requiring strong organizational skills and business judgment.
Demonstrated ability to methodically synthesize and analyze data with precise qualitative outputs.
Attention to detail to ensure precision of data and overall quality of outputs.
Experience with Microsoft Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.).
Ability to embrace and master new technologies and changing processes.
Can work independently with minimal supervision is required, as well as ability to work effectively in a team-oriented atmosphere.
Excellent follow-up skills with attention to detail and ability to multi-task, strong leadership skills, strong team-orientation and interpersonal skills, flexibility and strong analytical skills.
Strong written/verbal communication skills.
Ability to establish rapport and build effective relationships across functions, across regions, and across all levels of management.
Motivated self-starter with a strong sense of urgency and possesses the ability to successfully manage multiple requests in a deadline-driven environment
Munkavégzés helye
London, Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Junior Investment Control Analyst
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Manager (Process Solution Designer) (REF1338P)
Thyssenkrupp -
Safety Manager
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior BI Developer (REF1300J)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Specialist - VDS Coordinator (REF704I)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Pécs
Szeged
Veszprém
Győr
Kecskemét
Tiszaújváros
Miskolc
Székesfehérvár
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
