Közösség
Kapcsolat
Diákmunka - QA Engineer Trainee (HO and Office) állás Budapest XI. kerület
Python
Linux
remote
Gyakornok állások 
											What is One Identity, you ask?It is an award-winning IT management software provider offering a broad selection of solutions that solve some of the most common and most challenging IT problems. Hungary’s most successful IT security startup, Balabit, was founded in 2000, acquired by One Identity in 2018, and has operated since then as an integrated part of this global company. One Identity lets organizations achieve an identity-centered security strategy with a uniquely broad and integrated portfolio of identity management offerings including AD account lifecycle management, identity governance and administration and privileged access management.We are currently looking for a QA Engineer Trainee to join us.If you are ... •Passionate to work together with Dev Teams•Eager to learn and broaden your horizons•A creative problem solver with an analytical mind  You will enjoy working with the team and don’t hesitate to apply for the position!Your responsibilities will include•Participate in the daily life of a Dev team as a QA and DevOps member•Maintaining Python test scripts•Operating the test environment•Maintaining the CI jobs•Active student status •Studies at University •Basic English (understanding and reading skills) •Solid knowledge of Linux •Strong understanding of Python programming language •Knowledge of virtualization and/or container technologies in basic •flexible 20-25 work hours/weekWe offer•Option to work from remote or in the office (almost your choice)•Chance to learn the real RnD life in a friendly environment•Freedom to realize your ideas•Flexible working hours•Personal learning/conferencing budget•English course•Table Tennis, c64, guitar, kicker, Xbox…							 			
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Műisz Iskolaszövetkezet													
Budapest / Budapest XI. kerület
9:00-17:00
 Gyakornok
Lejárati dátum: 2023-03-18 13:40:02
Telefonszám: +36 40 463 463,+36 1 412 1406														- Hivatkozzon az itpeople-re!
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióDiákmunka - QA Engineer Trainee (HO and Office)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest / Budapest XI. kerület
Munkaidő9:00-17:00
Telefonszám+36 40 463 463,+36 1 412 1406													- Hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re
KategóriaGyakornok
Hasznos linkek
