Közösség
Kapcsolat
Diákmunka - IT Service Delivery Administrator Trai... állás Budapest VIII. kerület
Gyakornok állások 
Tisztelt álláskereső!Ez az álláshirdetés lejárt.Azonban oldalunk több ezer egyéb álláshirdetéssel rendelkezik! Találja meg az önnek megfelelő munkát erre a linkre kattintva!
											The Big PictureHowden is a world-class engineering company with a proud heritage and a desire to be the world's leading application engineering company providing solutions for you in air and gas handling. With 6,000 employees in 27 countries we are undergoing a period of significant business growth. Based at our global headquarters near Glasgow, UK, Howden provides high quality air and gas handling products and services to the power, oil & gas, mining and petrochemical industries - just to name a few.The company’s Shared Service Centre was launched in 2015, located in Budapest. The Howden Global Business Service Centre employs more than 100 people who provide support in Finance, HR, Data Analytics and IT fields. Howden offers complex and challenging jobs, great work environment, competitive salary and opportunity to develop and implement promotion and training to work. Innovative and agile, we are looking for talent to grow with us in the following role:IT Service Delivery Administrator TraineeMain Purpose of JobTo manage and support the local business users, applications and office environment including meeting rooms, workstation areas, printers and network cabling. To provide initial triage and routing for all incidents and requests. To be the first point of contact for the local end users and the “face” of IT What needs to be done?•Ability to manage workload according to ITIL best practices •To process all logged calls in a timely manner and within agreed SLA •To ensure that calls they are responsible for are continually managed, progressed and that end users are provided with •sufficient detail through to resolution •To follow documented service delivery processes and to assist with major incident management and escalation •To create self-help knowledge articles based on implemented, proven provided solutionsWhat do you need to bring?•Technical capability in Microsoft desktop support •Understanding of IT service delivery and using service desk solutions •Understanding of following documented processes •Excellent communication skills, both oral and written, in English language •Experience in the use of Microsoft Office products•Attention to detail and the ability to rapidly switch between competing priority issuesWhat will you get in return?•Work-life balance (at least weekly 1 home office option, free Bridge-Saturdays, flexible working hours apart from the core time)•Easily reachable work location @ Corvin Promenade•A supportive and developing work environment (several training opportunities, team building events, future career perspectives)•International presence – global project and networking/traveling opportunities•The chance to create and contribute in process development•Competitive salary with cafeteria optionThe advantages of working at Howden:Worldwide business – Liaise with our colleagues in 27 countries.We offer global and local opportunities– 6000 employees and world leading engineers, who create cutting edge developments – You will be a part of over 160 years of innovation and development that continues today with our digital solutions. At Howden we have a strong corporate identity and purpose – You will be a member of our team, shaping the future of the world and tackling some of the most pressing issues facing the planet.Our products and organisation are Revolving Around You – Our culture promotes individual development to enhance our most important asset – our people.							 			
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Műisz Iskolaszövetkezet													
Budapest / Budapest VIII. kerület
8.00-17.00.
 Gyakornok
Lejárati dátum: 2023-03-11 13:20:02
Telefonszám: +36 40 463 463,+36 1 412 1406														- Hivatkozzon az itpeople-re!
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióDiákmunka - IT Service Delivery Administrator Trainee
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest / Budapest VIII. kerület
Munkaidő8.00-17.00.
Telefonszám+36 40 463 463,+36 1 412 1406													- Hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re
KategóriaGyakornok
Hasznos linkek
