Közösség
Kapcsolat
Diákmunka - IT Service Desk Trainee  állás Budapest III. kerület
iOS
Android
Gyakornok állások 
Tisztelt álláskereső!Ez az álláshirdetés lejárt.Azonban oldalunk több ezer egyéb álláshirdetéssel rendelkezik! Találja meg az önnek megfelelő munkát erre a linkre kattintva!
											About GraphisoftGraphisoft is an established software company based in Budapest, Hungary. Our flagship product, Archicad, a 3D architect design software, profoundly changed the ways of architectural design and cooperation all over the world.Now Graphisoft is looking for an IT Service Desk Trainee to join its IT team to help support our Hungarian and Global business operations.The IT Service Desk Trainee•Is helping first-line support and problem solving of client-facing technology (PCs, smartphones, printers, password resets, etc.) on the phone, remotely and in person•Provides light system administration functions, such as creating/deleting users, managing groups, M365, etc.•Supports the employees of the HQ office and at the subsidiaries worldwideRequirements:•Higher level of end–user device support (Win10, MacOS 10.12-10.15, MS Office, iOS, Android, etc.)•Basic level of server configuration (Win2008, Win2012, Azure, Active Directory, O365)•Basic level of network troubleshooting•Good command on English and fluency in Hungarian is required•Studies specialized in IT•High school diploma and ongoing studies at a University or College•Can work min. 25 hours/weekCompetencies:•Strong communication skills•Able to work independently and also in a team•Quick response of the requests•Motivated in helping others•Experience in the field of finance or ITWe offer:•Challenging and various tasks•International, inspiring and dynamic environment•Continuous learning & development opportunityCoronavirus informationOur workplace is in Graphisoft SE’s office in Budapest but with the current situation we keep the safety of our colleagues in mind, so the entire company works from home.As a result, the recruitment process is done online, and our future colleague need to be in possession of the tools needed to work from home (e.g., a reliable internet connection).If you think this description fits you, come and join us in our company headquarters located at the well-known Graphisoft Park!							 			
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Műisz Iskolaszövetkezet													
Budapest / Budapest III. kerület
8.00-17.00.
 Gyakornok
Lejárati dátum: 2023-03-09 12:20:02
Telefonszám: +36 40 463 463,+36 1 412 1406														- Hivatkozzon az itpeople-re!
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióDiákmunka - IT Service Desk Trainee 
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest / Budapest III. kerület
Munkaidő8.00-17.00.
Telefonszám+36 40 463 463,+36 1 412 1406													- Hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re
KategóriaGyakornok
Hasznos linkek
