Közösség
Kapcsolat
Diákmunka - Intern of the Software Architect állás Budapest XI. kerület
GIT
C#
Gyakornok állások 
											 “Today our community of around 1700 IT professionals and engineers believes – along with me – that evosoft is the place for us. Our colleagues in Budapest, Miskolc and Szeged are busy writing software which, although invisible to the naked eye, can fundamentally influence our everyday lives.You will come across our software solution in different kinds of the largest medical equipment, not to mention that our codes drive the greatest car manufactures’ automation systems and you can even find them/us in electric cars. There are hardly any industrial areas I and my colleagues tested or developed are not present. The company evosoft, in its full name evosoft Hungary Kft. (Ltd.) started with 3 members more than 25 years ago. As of today our headcount has reached the 1700 employees and we are expanding – join us, be part of our team!”exclusive assignment to support the Software Architect of the projectcontribution to the entire software development process with emphasis on design and specificationindustrial software development primarily in C# according to Scrum methodologyYou are the ideal candidate if …you are studying computer science or electrical engineeringyou are especially interested in software design and architectureyou can interpret UML diagramsyou understand object-oriented software developmentyou speak English wellYou are even a perfect match, if…you are familiar with software design patterns and principles of software architectureyou value the importance of software documentationyou are aware of version control and CM systems (e.g. GIT, Jenkins, Azure DevOps)you are interested in CNC machine toolsyou also speak Germanyou like sailing ;)We offer...an exceptional opportunity to learn from the most experienced software professionalsadmission to the world of Industry 4.0 and digitizationmeaningful activities with high added value, which you can see again in the production chain of well-known industrial companiesinspiring professional environment in a socially competent team (i.e. smart and cool colleagues)							 			
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Műisz Iskolaszövetkezet													
Budapest / Budapest XI. kerület
8:00-17:00
 Gyakornok
Lejárati dátum: 2023-03-17 12:00:02
Telefonszám: +36 40 463 463,+36 1 412 1406														- Hivatkozzon az itpeople-re!
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióDiákmunka - Intern of the Software Architect
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest / Budapest XI. kerület
Munkaidő8:00-17:00
Telefonszám+36 40 463 463,+36 1 412 1406													- Hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re
KategóriaGyakornok
Hasznos linkek
