Közösség
Kapcsolat
Robotics Process Automation Lead Analyst állás Országos
Mérnöki / Ipari programozás állások 
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentOur Client is one of the leading investment banks in the world, and for their growing professional team we are looking for a RPA Lead Analyst.Elvárások / Requirements
Bachelor’s/University degree or equivalent experience
3+ years technology with actual experience in managing application development, infrastructure platforms, architecture/network design, database management. Actual Robotic Process Automation experience a must
Practical expertise in emerging technologies (i.e., Cloud, APIs, , social media) required.  Banking or Financial industry background a plus
Must be able to demonstrate knowledge of standard Control or Risk Management Frameworks related to disaster recovery, and vendor, change and capacity management
Experience managing global or cross-business projects in a matrix organizational structure is required
Audit/Control or Technical Consulting experience a plus
Amit kínálunk / Offer
Manages technical components of moderately complex IT projects.
Coordinates activities of the project team, identifies necessary resources and develops schedules to meet completion deadlines.
Verifies team adherence to control and risk implementations as well as standards and process changes.
Applies good understanding of concepts and procedures within own IT project leadership area to resolve issues.
Directly impacts the IT project leadership area through shared responsibility for delivery of end results and contribution to planning, budget management and formulation of procedures; influences resource planning.
Persuades and influences others through communication and diplomacy skills; may negotiate with external parties.
Acts as SME to senior stakeholders and /or other team members.
Kapcsolattartó / Information
This role will provide opportunities to deepen the knowledge of the special characteristics of a global team within a multinational company.
Opportunity to develop the individual’s project management skills, to plan and get prepared for the upcoming milestones which effect the team’s daily operation.
Private Medical Care Program and onsite medical rooms in our buildings
Pension Plan Contribution to Voluntary Pension Fund
Group Life Insurance
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary													
Országos
Nincs meghatározva
 Mérnöki / Ipari programozás
Lejárati dátum: 2023-05-31 08:55:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióRobotics Process Automation Lead Analyst
Munkavégzés helye
Országos
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaMérnöki / Ipari programozás
Hasznos linkek
