Közösség
Kapcsolat
Senior IT Asset Management Analyst állás Budapest
Oracle
Egyéb IT pozik állások 
Tisztelt álláskereső!Ez az álláshirdetés lejárt.Azonban oldalunk több ezer egyéb álláshirdetéssel rendelkezik! Találja meg az önnek megfelelő munkát erre a linkre kattintva!
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentAegon Global Technology Services (GTS) provides IT infrastructure and application support services to the Aegon businesses. GTS is responsible for the provision, support, and ongoing maintenance of IT operating platforms, applications, and services. There is also a strong connection with external providers necessitating vendor and service provider management. GTS is responsible for driving the technology strategy and providing IT infrastructure solutions aligned with business objectives and the GTS technology strategy.
Manage against the ITAM service delivery model to include a global purview of all IT hardware and Software to include SaaS. Responsible for managing a detailed inventory of the organization’s software and hardware assets. Management of applying operational and vendor information to assist with determining the best decisions concerning IT-related purchases and redistribution of assets throughout the organization.  Creation of Licensing positions.  Assist with and have responsibility for modelling key, global and regional licenses against opportunity for optimization and cost savings, and compliance with software agreements.  The intent for this role is to feed into the strategy in how the organization allocates and purchases globally to eliminate waste and increase efficiency in how IT Assets are utilized.  This role will help to implement policies, systems, processes, and standards related to how we manage IT Assets, on a daily and long-term basis.  This role will also identify, map, and report against the alignment of each IT Asset and the contract under which each is governed.  This role ensures quality control throughout the lifecycle of each IT Asset. Elvárások / Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in business, technology, or related field or demonstratable experience;
Minimum three years of experience and knowledge with IT hardware and or software asset management; 
Experience with interpretation of software licensing contract terms and conditions;
Significant knowledge and five years plus experience working with a CMDB and the specific business services that it supports;
Understanding of complex software agreements
Knowledge of licensing agreements involving software, including Microsoft, IBM, and Oracle;
Well-versed vendor management and negotiation skills;
Significant knowledge of IT Service Management processes;
Understanding complex software and hardware agreements;
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail;
Solid problem-solving and consultative skills;
Strong communication, organization, and time management skills; 
Amit kínálunk / Offer
Managing a detailed inventory of our organization's software and hardware assets;
Applying the information to assist with determining the best decisions concerning IT-related purchases and redistribution of assets throughout the organization is also your task;
Provide support for the governance concerning the ITAM tools applied in managing, monitoring, and reporting on IT assets and inventory;
Work with the ITSM manager to establish a relationship and consistency between the IT Asset database and the CMDB;
Perform verification and audit of DML and CMDB content; verify software assets with license contracts, confirm hardware assets with actual inventory, and initiate corrective actions and track them;
Managing and maintaining databases and records of information such as licenses, service agreements, and warranties for the organization’s software and hardware;
Help to establish and manage the team KPI/Metrics and run standardized reporting on a scheduled basis together with unscheduled reporting demanded by management;
Take part in various projects, providing support to Managers and up to VPs of Infrastructure and Finance;
Establish and maintain documentation of procedures, processes, and reports concerning asset and configuration management;
 Kapcsolattartó / Information
Opportunity to join a newly started IT Center in Budapest;
Brand new office at an excellent location;
Training and career opportunities;
Competitive salary;
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary													
Budapest
Nincs meghatározva
 Egyéb IT pozik
Lejárati dátum: 2023-02-28 14:40:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióSenior IT Asset Management Analyst
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaEgyéb IT pozik
Hasznos linkek
