Közösség
Kapcsolat
Frontend Software Engineer állás Országos
HTML
CSS
Javascript
Vue
React
Angular
Node
Bootstrap
Typescript
Front-end fejlesztő állások 
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentAre you passionate about software and about aviation? Do you love a technical challenge and like to work on multiple platforms to create a consistent experience for the consumers?
Our partner company has 30.000 employees worldwide. The company has a head office in Paris and Amsterdam and has several daughter companies. The group has over 550 aircraft and they are one of the bigger players in Europe. The developers they are hiring now will be working from Budapest, but fully part of the product teams.
The company has gone through a major restructuring over the last two years to adjust to the covid crisis. They are now implementing a strategic restructuring program in which one of the pillars is the Data &amp; Technology track. They have expressed the ambition to become the most data and tech-driven accompany in their sector. To do this, they are innovating and expanding and thus looking to attract more experts to the company.Elvárások / RequirementsPreferably Bachelor degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other relevant fields
Minimum of 5 years of professional experience with JavaScript / TypeScript, HTML, CSS and SASS
Minimum of 2 years of experience building enterprise production-grade Angular applications
Experience with consuming APIs and knowledge of REST API best practices
Knowledge of continuous integration/continuous deployment techniques and tools (Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, Bamboo)
Proficient with automated testing (e.g., Unit tests, End-2-End tests)
Experience with Bootstrap, tailwind or other CSS frameworks
Experience with bringing enterprise Front-end applications to production and supporting Front-enders in industrializing their code
Experience in coaching and knowledge sharing to familiarize teams with software engineering best practices
Knowledge with and experience in agile way of working (e.g., SAFe, Scrum, Agile)
Great communication skills, written and spoken (English) and team spirit
This role requires participation in our on-call support rotation every six weeks
All our teams have a hybrid way of working, we do ask you to come to the office every so often to meet your colleagues, to participate in trainings or team events.
In addition, the following requirements are considered nice to have:
Experience with other frontend frameworks (e.g., React, Vue.js)
Experience with Node.js, NestJS and GraphQL.
Experience with state management like NGRX or Redux
Experience with UX design
Amit kínálunk / OfferAs a Front-end specialist, you will apply your skills to change the way our partner works, driving innovation and transforming us into a truly data-driven organization. We value both technical expertise (analysis, design &amp;architecture, engineering, quality assurance and DevSecOps) as well as the interpersonal parts of the job (coaching, consulting, coordination, and support).
As a software engineer Front-end, your key result areas are:
Make use of right technology and govern architecture for products in line with the organizational objectives, ensuring that the right technologies are chosen to strike an optimal balance betweenachieving business goals, realizing functional and technical requirements, and managing technical debt,development costs and continuity costs
Design and implement the overall architecture aligned with other optimizers for the product to deliver
Translate business needs into compelling products and deliver them to end users so that business value is created
Take care of specification, design, engineering, testing, delivery, maintenance, monitoring, and support of digital products
Foster a culture where state-of-the-art approaches, tooling and technologies are applied as fits with the mission of the department, the KPI’s and desired business impact
Kapcsolattartó / Information- A competitive salary depending on your level and experience- 10% of your time set aside for personal learning and development- An excellent pension scheme, profit sharing, and yearly bonus.
- Substantial discounts on flight tickets (after 6 months of employment)- A travel allowance- Discount on health insurance- A learning budget 
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary													
Országos
Nincs meghatározva
 Front-end fejlesztő
Lejárati dátum: 2023-04-02 12:55:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióFrontend Software Engineer
Munkavégzés helye
Országos
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaFront-end fejlesztő
Hasznos linkek
