Közösség
Kapcsolat
Java full-stack developer (with DevOps) állás Országos
Javascript
Docker
GIT
Angular
Typescript
Java
MongoDB
SQL
Spring
PostgreSQL
Full-stack fejlesztő állások 
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentOur Client is a leading European airline. Their IT is a strong mature agile organization with over 1.000 internal employees worldwide – but they are starting fresh in Budapest with a new start-up this year.
Are you looking for a chance to work in truly European spirit with their future technological developments?Together you fly 110 aircraft to 145 destinations, bringing millions of passengers to where they need to be, developing sustainable travel and pushing the boundaries of air travel towards to the future.Elvárások / RequirementsYou have proven to be an experienced, t-shaped software engineer who likes to work in both frontend (Angular) and backend (Java). With your strong knowledge about software development and technologies and methodologies you focus on building high quality applicationsthat are maintainable, performant and secure. Being the senior software engineer of the team, you can support the product owner and others in the team. You are taking the lead on technical topics and you make sure that we, in collaboration with vendors and other teams, deliver excellent digital products.
You are a colleague that is great and fun to work with. You have strong communication skills and you like to work in an international environment with lots of cultural diversity. You are result driven, customer oriented and flexible to change. Although it would be great if you haveall the technical skills mentioned below, we find it more important that you are pro-active, a good learner and an enthusiast for modern technology.Furthermore, you:know frontend development using JavaScript/Typescript, HTML5, CSS3+ and Angular;
know backend development using Java (8/11+) and Spring (Boot);
have knowledge of modern software engineering practices (clean code, design patterns);
know both SQL and no-SQL databases such as PostgreSQL and MongoDB;
know integration patterns such as SOA, request/reply (RESTful API's) and event driven architecture (JMS/Kafka);
know cloud technologies and DevOps (git, CI/CD, Azure, Kubernetes, Docker, Tomcat);
have in-depth knowledge and experience in the agile way of working (SAFe,Scrum, Kanban);
are fluent in English (Dutch is a plus).Amit kínálunk / OfferWhat are you going to do?
By applying your excellent coding and problem solving skills, and by being a strong team player, you will make the (working) life of more than 26,000 employees better every day. As a t-shaped software engineer you design, build, improve, deliver, maintain and support the software applications in our business platform. Next to that your contribution will help us to be(come) a truly data and technology driven organization. Next to your engagement in communities of practice, 10% of your time will be dedicated to research and self-study, giving you the opportunity to further develop yourself.More specifically the product team responsible for recruitment and onboarding is looking for you to help us create a new, and greatly improved, career website. You will be given the opportunity to build a best-in-class experience to truly make an impact.
Where do you land?You will be working in the Data and Technology business platform and People, Technology and Intelligence (Human Resources). As one of the software engineers in your (Scrum) team you will work from our head office in Amstelveen (next to that we are working from home part of thetime). As a team, of around ten people, you will work closely with business and the other teams in the platform.Kapcsolattartó / Informationa challenging role at an unique employer
plenty of room for personal development and wonderful career opportunities
lots of freedom in tools, working hours and location;
a MacBook/laptop
a good pension scheme
an end of the year bonus up to 10%
profit sharing
great discounts on airline tickets (if you have been in service for at least 6 months)
a travel expenses scheme and a quarterly duty trip to Amsterdam
discount on your health insurance;
a personal budget for sustainable employability. 
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
