 Belépés ›
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) REF1052D (Budapest)
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) REF1052D (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Head of Team (Open Telekom Cloud) REF1052D
The Public Cloud Product Unit operates on a national and international level, for medium-sized and large companies. With the new Managed Services Public Cloud, we develop, market and operate agile, cloud-native, forward-looking products and services for the digital world. We see ourselves as innovation drivers and make our customers' business fit for the digital future. Our mission: To be successful in tomorrow, we need to think now about the day after tomorrow - and always together with our customers.
Open Telekom Cloud is the public cloud offering of T-Systems International with two large scale data centers in Germany and in the Netherlands. European companies and institutions usually choose OTC, because it is offering the highest security and the strictest data protection according to the GDPR from a German provider. We use open standards such as OpenStack enabling maximum flexibility and security for the future. No wonder that OTC has become a real alternative of hyperscalers in Europe, with ever increasing capacities and with doubling revenue year over year.
Your Department
In the Open Telekom Cloud Operations, we have broken new ground and created an environment in which a completely new type of product based on open source community software is driven forward with the procedures and principles of a community approach. Lean structures, agile and innovative methods and procedures as well as an extremely innovation-driven environment determine our actions.
With this dynamic and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business area in the Deutsche Telekom Group.
We are measured by the delivery of innovative solutions from our platforms and we are consistently focused on this goal. Together with our platform partner and other partners from the OpenStack Ecosystem, we are working sustainably on the further development of the platform. Security and quality aspects are incorporated into the development right from the start in order to create a highly innovative and attractive public cloud product based on German and European security and data protection standards.
We are looking for you to join us and lead a team: people who are professionals and evangelists with a great deal of enthusiasm for technology and who will master this challenge together with us.
Would you like to work as people manager of international Scrum development teams from different cultures?
Do you like flat hierarchies, and do you have an independent working style?
Do you like varied challenges in dynamic agile teams?
Then you are the right person for us.
Job Description
Ensuring the fulfillment of the team’s expected service level
Managing performance and skill evaluations of employees together with stake holders
Setting up and tracking career paths to enable personal development in accordance with business goals
Leading employees with various professional competencies
Managing daily operational tasks
Monitoring the execution of tasks, ensuring the appropriate workload / work distribution within the team
Managing resources (work schedules, holidays, substitution plans)
Employee lifecycle management including: hiring, selection of talents, performing job interviews, onboarding, regular dialogues with employees, continuous development
Transferring operational and other relevant business information towards the team
Ensuring welfare of the team: enabling efficient team work and conflict handling
Tracking the productivity and operational performance of the team, setting targets, executing corrective actions when needed
Ensuring the efficient use of corporate assets; applying proper processes, methodologies and standards
Taking the roles specified in Document Handling Policy or agreed elsewhere and the execution of the related tasks
Willingness to travel (regularly 2-3 locations in Hungary and monthly/quarterly meetings in Germany, when not restricted by pandemic situation)
Handling of occasional management processes (self-governance and responsibility)
Performing work in international teams, in an integrated, virtual work environment
Cost & capacity management
Participating in the elaboration and realization of the business unit’s strategy and goals
Requirements:
Min. 3+ years of relevant experience
General knowledge of Public Cloud concepts
College/university degree or relevant professional experience
Fluent English knowledge (C1), German is an advantage
General knowledge of business processes
Experience in deployment and operation of services
Problem solving skills
People management and leadership skills
Agile mindset
Ability to work in complex working environment
Ability to motivate and instruct co-workers
Self-dependence and responsibility
Customer orientation,
Flexibility
Team-player attitude
Good communication skills
Multiple
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
