 Belépés ›
Project Security & Privacy Manager (Budapest)
Project Security & Privacy Manager (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Project Security & Privacy Manager
Your new company
In our Budapest Application Development Center of our Global Partner, we create next generation automotive software solutions which make automated driving safe and affordable.
Be part of the growth as a Project Security & Privacy Manager!
We work towards Vision Zero, a goal to eliminate fatal accidents happening every day on the world’s roads. We are looking for creative minds who are passionate to shape the future of automated driving by delivering software solutions for ADAS customer projects.
As Project Security & Privacy Manager you will plan and organize the security-related aspects and their work products for a specific component project. You will act as an interface to the project team and customer for all security or privacy aspects regarding the full chain of effect of dedicated system level. You will define the security and privacy work products, track their status, and prepare reports about the maturity and proactively communicate risks to the project manager.
Your new role
align of develop interface agreement for S&P with customer and suppliers
provision the Project S&P Plan and Schedule
initiate and plann SEC assessment
plan and trace work products and their reviews which are part of Security Case
track the implementation status and performance of the S&P Risk Assessment for each delivery release.
create and adaptation of system architecture with S&P aspects
perform Security & Privacy Analysis and Risk Assessments (VARA, PIA)
What you'll need to succeed
university degree (BSc, MSc, PhD) in a technical area: Computer Science, Electronics, Electrical Engineering or related.
profound knowledge of Security (IT security, SW, HW, System)
good overview of Data Protection (privacy regulation), Security & Privacy standard, methods, and approaches (ISO/SAE 21434)
experience in the automotive development processes
good understanding of system architecture and requirements engineering
knowledge in technical risk analyses (e.g.: TARA, STRIDE, FMEA)
good command of the English language
What you'll get in return
Participation in exciting, highly innovative projects
Ability to directly deliver software into real products
Access to cutting-edge technologies and to one of Europe’s largest in-house GPU clusters
A friendly, respectful and collaborative work environment that encourages creativity and innovation
Continuous development with access to numerous trainings, including technical skills, soft skills and language skills
Personal career development and a challenging role with end-to-end responsibility
Opportunity to see your ideas turn into reality with our test vehicles
Competitive compensation and a wide range of benefits, including:
Bonus system
Annual flexible benefit (Cafeteria)
Private health insurance
Employee discounts
Sport pass support
Ability to directly deliver software into real, innovative products
Flexible work-from-home arrangements
Easily accessible office location in downtown Budapest (near Kálvin square)
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
