 Belépés ›
Project Manager - Global Identity & Access Management Operations Support (Magyarország)
Project Manager - Global Identity & Access Management Operations Support (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Project Manager - Global Identity & Access Management Operations Support
Maintain a strong relationship with key business partners to foster a mutually beneficial partnership.
Represent GIAM Ops interests with technology partners when they want to make version updates and enhancements to GIAM Ops supported systems.
Provides general IS consulting services including interpretation and/or clarification of IS policy, procedures, standards and or concepts
Ensure strong program and project level governance, including monitoring and control efforts for the projects supported by GPO Ops, in compliance with Project Management Policy and Procedures.
Collaborates in the definition and implementation of IS standards to align procedures and practices in compliance with client's standards.
Works with the business to validate compliance with IS policies, practices, and procedures within the scope of a project or GIAM Ops processes.
Participates in the planning and implementation of IS administration for IT and business driven projects. 
Driving GIAM Ops project deliverables and managing the relationship between business/technical partner project teams and/or GIAM Ops Service Delivery
Support the GIAM Ops organization in meeting any ad hoc requirements from our partners
Tasks will include:
Evolve and maintain client and business Information Security Administration support relationships for multiple lines of business
Responsible for GIAM Ops owned project milestones and deliverables
Coordinate GIAM Ops engagement for client's level initiatives
Partner with IS governance programs and coordinating within GIAM Ops to implement policy changes
Understand risk and control levels for multi-functional areas for GIAM Ops supported systems/applications/tools and propose revisions where necessary. 
Readily adopt automation strategies wherever practical and cost efficient. Partner with peers within other service delivery centers and across Global Identity and Access Management to maximize operational efficiencies and effectiveness. 
Maintain a professional relationship with our business partners, colleagues and external customers through effective communications and diplomacy to guide and influence IS practices.
Provide project or program updates to GIAM Ops leadership and our business partners through multiple channels including verbal and written media
Proactively review GIAM Ops processes to address business impacts based on metrics review, business and GIAM Ops partner feedback or other sources to identify root causes and possible process improvements.
Proactively engage in any new system development or major enhancements that affect GIAM Ops services so GIAM Ops can provide the appropriate support and advisory.
Our Client is one of the leading investment banks in the world, and for their growing professional team we are looking for a Project Manager - Global Identity & Access Management (GIAM) Operations Support.
The Global Identity & Access Management (GIAM) is a global organization within Chief Information Security Office (CISO) with 700+ employees located across the globe. GIAM manages entitlement and provisioning of access for internal employees / contractors and increasingly for external clients who are using our client's applications. 
Bachelor's degree or higher with a concentration in Information Technology, Computer Science, Cyber Security or related field or equivalent relevant work experience. 
2 - 4 year’s work experience in Technical Project Management, Information Security, Computer Science or Cyber Security. 
Must be committed to the delivery of quality customer service.
Must be a self-starter with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Deep knowledge GIAM Ops and/or GIAM Ops supported systems or applications 
General knowledge of Identity& Access Management practices on various platforms, applications, and systems.
Experience with problem and incident management processes for security and identity and access management incidents.
Extensive knowledge of global regulatory guidelines, industry standard security practices, client's corporate information security policies and compliance controls
Excellent problem-solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills required to negotiate internally and externally, often at a senior level. 
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office products (PowerPoint and Excel required) and GIAM Ops tools.
What our client offers:
Competitive compensation package with extensive benefits:
Private Medical Care Program and onsite medical rooms in our buildings
Pension Plan Contribution to Voluntary Pension Fund
Group Life Insurance
Flexible work arrangements
Continuous career progression opportunities across geographies and business line
An inclusive and friendly corporate culture with diverse networking opportunities
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
