 Belépés ›
Service Operations /Change Management Analyst (Budapest)
Service Operations /Change Management Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
SSC (Shared Service Center)
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Aegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, UK and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil and Iberia and an Asset Management organization with locations in UK, US, NL and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, we foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. We are a people business, and we recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. We value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
The Intermediate Service Management Analyst is responsible for supporting the delivery of critical services for each team that comprises Production Support. Service Management practices include Problem Management; Knowledge Management, Incident Management, Change Enablement, Capacity, Availability and Performance Management and Service Introduction.
Service Operations /Change Management Analyst
Feladatok
Understands and follows standards, policies, and procedures.
Knows fundamental process management based on ITIL and business analysis skill set. 
Design and develop user training and job aids
Develops testing plans to confirm processes are in alignment with operational requirements
Seeks to understand impact of actions on others (team, GTS, other business unit customers)
Communicates in a way that demonstrates appropriate timing, audience, content, and method
Works to identify optimal solutions or root cause of issues
Competency in gathering, analyzing, classifying, and documenting requirements
Possesses and applies comprehensive knowledge of Enterprise process and procedure issues.
Participates successfully on a project team with minimal assistance.
Works from established procedures with limited instructions
Performs varied work, requiring some originality
Makes recommendations for changes to procedures
Effectively applies fundamental concepts of function
Working knowledge of project management concepts, able to manage subsets of project tasks
Követelmények
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related degree or equivalent work experience and minimum of 2-4 years technical enterprise work experience.
Experience in change management in multinational environment
Excellent time management skills including the ability to juggle multiple priorities simultaneously.
Strong decision making and problem-solving skills.
Ability to stay committed to the task even during times of frequent change or information delays.
Comfortable working with multiple teams.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Accurate and precise attention to detail.
Able to build strong interpersonal relationships with teammates, leadership, senior management, and internal and external stakeholders.
Proficient computer skills, Microsoft Office Suite; working knowledge of software development.
Amit kínálunk
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
Brand new office at an excellent location
Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
 A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
