 Belépés ›
Citrix System Administrator (REF676D) (Budapest)
Citrix System Administrator (REF676D) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Citrix System Administrator (REF676D)
Tasks
Installing and maintaining Microsoft Windows and Windows Server environments.
Changing and customizing of the existing environment based on customer requests.
Ticket handling and resolving on 2nd and 3rd level.
Managing and maintaining Citrix Virtual Apps and Desktops environments from small customers to Enterprise scale.
Manage, coordinate, and implement application installations, upgrades and patches for applications running in the Citrix Virtual Desktop Agent machines.
Analyze, troubleshoot and fix technical issues related to the Citrix environment and/or applications provided via Citrix.
Managing and maintaining Citrix Hypervisor Clusters.
Managing and maintaining Citrix Application Delivery Controller environments.
Requirements:
Experience in Microsoft technologies/Microsoft Windows and Windows Server environments and project work
Upper intermediate English
Participate in On-Call
Willingness to learn Citrix
Advantages:
Experience in Active Directory, Windows Registry
Experience in virtualization (Citrix, Vmware, Hyper-V, etc..)
Basic Cloud Computing Solutions (Citrix preferred) 
Citrix Xenapp solution knowledge (Xenapp 7.15 )
Xendesktop solution knowledge 
Netscaler solution knowledge
MSI technology
ITIL knowledge (with cert)
Certification in Windows 10 (welcome, but purely optional)
At least 1 year experience in multinational environment
Basic German language knowledge
Multiple
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
