				© 2023 Zoznam, s.r.o. Všetky práva vyhradené.
Cloud Migration ArchitectIBM12.03.2023Job informationPlace of work
Bratislava
Bratislava, SlovakiaPosition / industry
Information Technologies - Software; IT ArchitectJob description, information about job
Your Role and Responsibilities :
You’d help our clients in designing cloud solutions for migrating existing applications into the cloud deciding on an adequate migration strategy considering modernization, lift-and-shift or rebuild approaches.
You’d work directly with customer and should be able to explain technical content to people who might be less familiar with the technology.
You will participate in regular remote meetings, visiting the clients on-site when needed, in order to discuss the specific solutions you’d plan to implement.
Day-to-day work can be anything from assistance with customer proposal writing, using best practices to design customer environments, implementing configuration management infrastructure and giving design recommendations to a technical team or pre-sales activities.
You’d act as an interface towards the client, leading the client discussions, supporting the Engineering team with hands-on activities, performing infrastructure as code reviews, deliver documentation and being responsible for the technical cloud solution.
Required Professional and Technical Expertise :
Hands-on experience with Cloud Architecture Design and/or Cloud Architectual Patterns for Development
Advanced knowledge of at least one of the following platforms:  AWS, GCP, Azure or IBM Cloud
Solid engineering/technical background/hands-on experience with conceptualizing, strategizing and architecting cloud solutions
Previous experience in the design and delivery of systems based on IaaS, PaaS and SaaS offerings, as well as exposure to different architecture models
Coding/scripting skills (Bash, Python, Powershell, or similar)
Networking knowledge (including the cloud provider specifics)
Social skills and a customer service attitude are a must
 Fluent English – both written and verbal
Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise :
Knowledge of the Cloud Adoption Framework of the cloud service provider
Container technologies experience (e.g. Kubernetes, OpenShift)
Cloud relevant certifications (e.g.: AWS Certified Solutions Architect, Google Cloud: Professional Cloud Architect or Microsoft AZ-303/AZ-304)
Hands-on experience with IaC for managing the solutions in the cloud
DevOps skills for leading team and consulting the customer
Experience with building CI/CD pipelines and serverless architectures
German language skills are much appreciated
What can you expect of us?
Salary starting from 3600 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
Additional Days Off
Flexible Working Conditions
100% Paid Sick Leave
Critical Illness Insurance, Life & Disability insurance, Medical Center
Personal & Career Development
And many more: ibm.biz/benefits2021Offered salary
3600 EUR
Benefits and other advantages
What can you expect of us?
Salary starting from 3600 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
Additional Days Off
Flexible Working Conditions
100% Paid Sick Leave
Critical Illness Insurance, Life & Disability insurance, Medical Center
Personal & Career Development
And many more: ibm.biz/benefits2021Start date
1.3.2023Type of employment
full-timeEmployee requirementsMinimum required education
First Level University Education (Bachelor's Degree)Language skills
English (upper-intermediate - B2)German (intermediate - B1)Company informationCompany characteristics
Spoločnosť IBM je jednou z najväčších IT spoločností na svete a pod názvom International Business Machines poskytuje klientom svoje služby už viac ako 100 rokov. Celosvetovo pôsobí vo vyše 160 krajinách sveta. Poslaním spoločnosti IBM je pomocou integrovaných, flexibilných a efektívnych riešení pomáhať svojim zákazníkom redukovať ich náklady a zvýšiť tak ich konkurencieschopnosť na trhu. Samostatná pobočka IBM Slovensko s.r.o. bola založená 7. decembra 1992. V roku 2003 založila IBM na Slovensku druhú pobočku IBM International Services Centre s.r.o. (ISC). Spoločnosť IBM je najväčší zamestnávateľ v oblasti IT na Slovensku.Adress
IBMMlynské nivy 49Bratislava - mestská časť RužinovSlovak Republic100620103007Respond to offer
Be a part of something great at IBM
Imagine a world where inspired ideas and innovative technology combine to create a smarter, more sustainable future. Welcome to the world of IBM.
https://ibm.com/jobs/sk
                Connect with us:
Do your best work ever.
SK
EN
    		Do your best work ever.
Respond to offer
Späť na pracovné ponuky
