				© 2023 Zoznam, s.r.o. Všetky práva vyhradené.
IT TraineeIBM12.03.2023Job informationPlace of work
BratislavaPosition / industry
Information Technologies - Software; IT Consultant, IT/Technical Support Specialist, IT tester, ProgrammerJob description, information about job
Have you not graduated yet? Get to know our Internships! Apply for IT Trainee position and start you career here! Your future can be made with IBM!  
You can work in Bratislava or Kosice.
Your Role and Responsibilities :
What can we offer?
You’ll begin your career learning the basics of IBM, working alongside experienced experts on client engagements.
Our aim is to help you move as quickly as possible. Your experience duration will be up to 6 months with subsequent chance to convert into regular job.
Once you have mastered the basics, you’ll develop skills in other IBM process such as IT solution delivery & design, project management and methodology, while working with big-name clients where IBM have a significant presence.
You will have the opportunity to:
- Become part of our diverse and multinational community and collaborate within global and local teams
- Work on real world-class IT projects for leading companies
- Gain knowledge and develop skills through on-the-job training
- Balance your work with your study and enjoy flexible working
What do you need for your success?
- Bachelor’s or expected Master degree (Mathematics, Computer science, Information Technology, Engineering) (the Trainee program is aimed for students of 1st and 2nd year of Master's degree)
- Attitude and interest in an IT Engineer/ Specialist / Consultant career
- Adaptability, Communication, Creative, Problem Solving, Taking - Ownership, Teamwork and Collaboration
- Ability to make decisions, take on responsibilities and have the ability to adapt, change and re-prioritize your plans in a dynamic and fast paced environment
- English is a must
- Communicative German is a huge advantageOffered salary
1400 EUR
Benefits and other advantages
What benefits do we offer?
Salary starting from 1400 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language skills
Stable job in a reputable and well-performing company
Almost endless learning & growth opportunities (classroom based trainings and 5000 e-learning courses)
Annual performance bonus payment
Performance and salary evaluation on regular basis
Subsidized meal-tickets
Flexible working time and home office with option to borrow assets (monitor, chair)
Three additional vacation days
Up to three self-recovery days
100% sick leave compensation
Life insurance and supplementary pension savings program
Private medical sanatorium
Long term career development and possibility of internal rotation
Recommend-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
Special IBM discounts, MultiSport card etc.Type of employment
full-time, part-timeEmployee requirementsMinimum required education
First Level University Education (Bachelor's Degree)Language skills
English (upper-intermediate - B2)Company informationCompany characteristics
Spoločnosť IBM je jednou z najväčších IT spoločností na svete a pod názvom International Business Machines poskytuje klientom svoje služby už viac ako 100 rokov. Celosvetovo pôsobí vo vyše 160 krajinách sveta. Poslaním spoločnosti IBM je pomocou integrovaných, flexibilných a efektívnych riešení pomáhať svojim zákazníkom redukovať ich náklady a zvýšiť tak ich konkurencieschopnosť na trhu. Samostatná pobočka IBM Slovensko s.r.o. bola založená 7. decembra 1992. V roku 2003 založila IBM na Slovensku druhú pobočku IBM International Services Centre s.r.o. (ISC). Spoločnosť IBM je najväčší zamestnávateľ v oblasti IT na Slovensku.Adress
IBMMlynské nivy 49Bratislava - mestská časť RužinovSlovak Republic100630094003,4002,4001Respond to offer
Be a part of something great at IBM
Imagine a world where inspired ideas and innovative technology combine to create a smarter, more sustainable future. Welcome to the world of IBM.
https://ibm.com/jobs/sk
                Connect with us:
Do your best work ever.
SK
EN
    		Do your best work ever.
Respond to offer
Späť na pracovné ponuky
