Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Processing Support Specialist 
Processing Support Specialist 
Due to our business expansions, we are now recruiting for a resource to head our Clearing and Settlement process. We are looking for a candidate who has a clear understanding of payments in terms of clearing and payments settlements as well as cross border & domestic payments 
Job description 
Responsible for monitoring the daily settlement process for BPC and behalf of our clients. Ensuring that that all queries, problems and incidents are dealt with in a timely and efficient manner. 
Duties and responsibilities 
Proactively monitor payment processes, identify non-standard activity and exceptions 
 Verify all transactions have been executed in a timely and accurate manner. 
Complete regular management reporting according to agreed KPI's 
Identify discrepancies in settlement amounts and initiating fixes 
Analyses processes and connected issues
Resolve processing and file transfer issues
Mandatory reporting to card companies (VISA, MC, AMEX, Diners)
Carrying out any other activities allocated to the role 
Understand business, operational and technical requirements as well as solution design for production changes implemented
Take ownership and work towards the closure of the incident and request tickets assigned
Evaluate risks and dependencies of production changes, provide mitigation plan
Work with internal and external clients, card organizations, various departments, divisions and individuals
Requirements and qualifications 
Experience in Bankcard and payment processing business.
 Minimum 3 years of working experience in payment processing industry 
Excellent knowledge in Excel, Power Point, etc, having experience with a payment processing systems
Have working knowledge of basic IT. 
Strong SQL scripting skills
Good interpersonal skills and the ability to multitask in a demanding and fast paced environment. 
Accurate, pro-active, able to work independently and demonstrate strong analytical and communication skills.
English is the language of communication in BPC.
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Processing Support Specialist 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 04.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Enterprise Technical Support Specialist 
 Budapest  
 IT Support 
 Heves  
 RAN Support Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Cybersecurity Specialist 
 Budapest  
 Security Tech Specialist 
 Budapest  
