Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Oracle Backend Software Engineer 
Your new company
Our Partner has more than 40 years of research and development in the field of lottery systems made our Partner's company a worldwide leading supplier of lottery products.
As a global lottery company, our Partner is an exciting place to work. Our Partner drives innovation, champion groundbreaking ideas and bring meaning to work every day. With more than 190 employees in Budapest, currently serves more than 400 customers on six continents today. 
Your new role
Software development (analysis, design, implementation, integration) in the area of lottery systems in cooperation with developers of other components
 Maintenance, support and assistance in test and operation of the system
 Taking responsibility for the assigned software components
 Working according to company development processes (ISO9000, Scrum/Kanban, SAFE4)
 Continuous improvement of development environment and processes
What you'll need to succeed
You graduated of a technical college or university
 You have minimum 2 years of software development experience in full time job
 Technical experience:
o Must have: Oracle PL/SQL, SQL, Oracle database (data model, scripting, indexes, etc.)
o Good to have: pearl, Linux
 You have effective problem solving skill in a multi-component system
 You want to use your structured thinking and analytical skills
 You are able to work in a team or independently
 You would like to use your English on a daily basis
What you'll get in return
Competitive payment package (13. and 14. months salaries)
 Cafeteria and Health insurance
 Mentoring Program, Trainings
 Flexible work schedule
 Downtown office, in the heart of Budapest
 Indoor bike and motorcycle storage
 Recreation room: table soccer, darts, office (chair) massage and sauna
 Team buildings
 Excellent working atmosphere
 Open company culture
 Economically stable and growing enterprise
 Non-conventional domain: lottery and sports games
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Oracle Backend Software Engineer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 03.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 C Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Java server/client Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Java Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Software Engineer (Angular/JS/Java) 
 Budapest  
 Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
