Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Global HR analyst 
 Description 
The global HR Team of Deutsche Telekom’s board area Technology & Innovation is searching for a People Analyst (HR Analyst) to join the team. You will work in the field of People Analytics and support “smarter decisions with data”. You will collaborate with the HR Business Partner team to find innovative ways to deliver meaningful metrics, trends, key insights, and analysis in clear, concise stories for various stakeholders. Are you passionate about data? Do you want to work in a highly engaged, international team? Do you want to provide meaningful insights to leadership to guide future talent decisions? This might be the role for you!
You cooperate closely with the teams within the HR Department by collecting the requirements, identifying interesting use cases, handling ad-hoc requests & building reports
You work on the automated mapping and aggregation of HR data
You manage HR IT infrastructure projects, e.g. to build interfaces between global HR systems in close collaboration with HR IT experts
You plan and execute complex (predictive) data analyses by using advanced statistical measures (e.g. attrition prediction)
You train and educate internal customers on data metrics and dashboards
You present People Analytics insights to management teams and support them to derive data-driven decisions
You create, test and improve KPIs and analytics dashboards for various internal customers
You help integrating data from multiple HR systems into a data warehouse to have one common IT infrastructure
You use expert knowledge regarding employee data privacy to ensure processes and systems comply to laws and regulation
  Qualifications 
You have your background in Mathematics, Statistics, Social Sciences, Computer Science, Psychology or – alternatively - any other field with high affinity to data
You are regarded as a MS Excel expert or possess advanced skills in other statistical tools
You have experiences with BI tools like Power BI or SAP SAP SAC
You know how to apply knowledge of statistical methods, e.g. correlations, regression analysis
You bring in a high IT affinity, knowledge of different HR IT tools, SAP preferable
 You like strategic thinking to take the team together a step further towards data-driven HR.
You are a “data-driven” person who likes analytical problem solving
You are a self-motivated “getting-things-done” person with an ability to work independently and efficiently in a virtual way with colleagues and clients in other countries
You won’t stop your efforts until an analytical problem is solved
You bring in a confident appearance with strong verbal and written communication skills
You are keen to further develop your knowledge and are not afraid to try out new things
You have a basic understanding of the field of Human Resources including functional areas and processes
You bring in a fluent English in spoken and written form; German language would be an advantage
A plus, not a must: You have hands-on experience in People Analytics from your previous roles in complex international companies
Additional Information
Your place of work will be in XXX. Your team members and clients are located within the international footprint of Deutsche Telekom’s board area Technology & Innovation, currently mainly in Germany.
You should be able and willing to travel to Germany up to approx. 10 times a year to meet the rest of the team and your internal customers
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Global HR analyst 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions 
BudapestSzegedDebrecenPécs 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 02.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 MS Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Senior BI Data Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Software QA Test Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Intermediate Application Security Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Data Analyst Intern 
 Budapest  
