Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Principal Engineer, Full Stack Architect 
Your new company
Our Partner designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automation solutions; and services supporting the Internet of Things. Our Partner is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues where they perform around the world. More than 25 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with our Partner’s audio and connected car systems.
Our Partner’s software services power billions of mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated and secure across all platforms, from work and home to car and mobile. Our Partner has a workforce of approximately 30,000 people across the Americas, Europe, and Asia.
Our Partner offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued? Come see what you can achieve as a leader with our Partner! 
Your new role
The Principal Engineer – Full Stack Architect will be working with other architects to help define and develop our Partner’s desktop and cloud-based platforms associated with next-generation audio, video, light & control systems in Professional Solutions. This person will collaborate closely with other software teams as well as Product Management teams to identify, prioritize & develop software platforms. He/she will also be responsible to work closely with NPI teams to integrate software platforms in order to deliver successful products. 
What You Will Do 
Responsible for architecting, developing, deploying & maintaining desktop and cloud-based platforms associated with next-generation audio, video & control systems for Professional Solutions. 
Maintain a process-oriented culture for a team developing software products using agile methodologies. 
Participate in overall business planning by contributing current knowledge and future vision of how technology and systems will enable business strategy, growth, and competitive positioning. The CoC Software lead will propose projects derived from these regular planning sessions and align with the Platform leaders for their approval. Collaborate closely with GPLM & PMO groups to identify & prioritize the right platforms for development. 
Talent Management by being at the forefront of the technology curve and build up organization competencies within the group to address the new areas. 
Portfolio Management including ‘make or buy’ decisions in his field of expertise and have the ability to integrate acquired technologies into our Partner’s portfolio. 
Partner with NPI Teams to successfully launch Software Products in the market 
Financial & Commercial Acumen - The individual must have demonstrated an ability to think beyond the technology itself and will understand key business drivers that ensure technology investment will provide substantial value or improvements to customers. 
What you'll need to succeed
Master or Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related technical discipline. 
Minimum of 10 years of experience in architecting & developing large-scale software applications using full-stack technologies (i.e. HTML, JavaScript, Angular, C#, NET). 
Experience with building highly scalable APIs supporting large high-volume mission-critical environments (Cloud applications (Azure), Large user base, etc ). 
Experience with NoSQL technologies like CosmosDB preferred. 
What is Nice to Have 
At least 5+ years of professional experience in cloud-based technologies and services. 
At least 1+ years of professional experience in Microsoft Azure Cloud. 
What you'll get in return
Access to employee discounts on our Partner’s world-class products 
Opportunity to collaborate with talented teams across the globe and make an impact on our Partner’s business. 
An inclusive and diverse work environment that fosters and encourages professional and personal development. 
Flexible work schedule with a culture encouraging work-life integration
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Principal Engineer, Full Stack Architect 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 03.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Principal Software Engineer  
 Budapest  
 Full-stack C#/Angular 
 Budapest  
 Full Stack Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Senior Software Engineer – Full-stack/Mobile 
 Budapest  
 Senior Full-stack developer C#/Angular 
 Budapest  
