Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Data Scientist 
Data Scientist
Fully remote
25-35 EUR/ hour
Your new company
In our AGCO journey towards customer centricity and digitalization, the necessity for leverage data and advanced analytics to optimize customers' machine performance.
This position will support the Proactive Customer Services organization to develop and implement disruptive approaches to enhance AGCO’s ability support customers and grow the aftersales business. The position will enhance development of data uses through AIML techniques, predictive and statistical analysis, data exploration and visualization.
The purpose of this position is to analyze machine telemetry data - AGCO IOT data and execute advanced analytical models and make recommendations on conditional and predictive maintenance use-cases.
The role will be part of a global Proactive Customer Services team working in a cloud environment and addressing use-cases.
Your new role
Work with business partners to understand inquiries and opportunities in which analytics could be applied to generate identify issues in time-series data and make recommendations on analytical findings.
Accountable for delivering world-class data science outcomes, solving complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches with a unique blend of analytical, mathematical and technical skills in programming languages that are used in big data environments, and supporting model and insight acceptance and understanding.
As needed for complex use-cases, design, build and deploy high-performance prediction and optimization algorithms to solve business problems and facilitate new digital applications – particularly focused on machine data from telematics and leveraging other sources of data.
Research, design, implement and validate cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes
Generate reports, annotated code, and other project artifacts to effectively document, archive, and communicate work and outcomes
Evaluate model accuracy and report on performance of insights. Participate in peer review of models and code.
Enhance understanding of data science and models in order to increase acceptance and demystify analytics output.
What you'll need to succeed
Data savvy person with experience (2-4 years) in data science
Hands-on knowledge in SQL, Python or R
Experience with IOT data
Excellent written and spoken communication in English
Familiarity with conditional and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, recommendation and optimization algorithms
Advantages:
Intellectual curiosity, continuous improvement
Knowledge of Salesforce is an advantage
Knowledge of industrial mechanical topics is an advantage
Knowledge of cloud providers (Databricks, AWS S3, EC2, Athena, Redshift, SageMaker, etc) is an advantage
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Data Scientist 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 01.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Data Scientist 
 Budapest  
 Junior Data Scientist 
 Budapest  
 Data Architect 
 Budapest  
 Senior BI Data Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Cloud Data Engineer 
 Budapest  
