ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Senior Software Engineer (React, Golang) 
Job Title: SFS Senior Software Engineer React and Golang
Location: Budapest
About Us:
Diligent is the leading governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) SaaS company, serving 1 million users from over 25,000 organizations around the world. Our software enables holistic and informed conversations about GRC and ESG to ensure CEOs, CFOs and the board have an integrated view of audit, risk, information security, ethics and compliance from across the organization.
Position Overview:
Diligent is looking for a Sr Full Stack Software Engineer - with focus on frontend technologies - who would love to join our Secure File Sharing team! SFS is Diligent’s primary solution for managing important and sensitive documents within a board room. SFS integrates with multiple Diligent products and is key to the overall Modern Governance technology strategy. It is a microservice based architecture written primarily in Golang (backend services) and React (frontend).
The ideal candidate will have proven ability to apply effective analysis, design, programming, and testing skills to produce and maintain scaled SaaS software solutions. They will be driven, resourceful and not feel intimidated by significant technical challenges. They will want to take ownership of the features they are working on and proactively drive improvements in software design and development practices. They will love to automate away manual toil and be interested in championing observability, continuous integration and deployment, scalability, security, and other non-functional requirements into our system. They will value team culture and see their success as the team’s success.
Key Responsibilities 
Own and drive the technical solution of SFS Front End
Design, code, review, and test assigned features and user stories, in accordance with the agile methodology employed by Diligent
Collaborate with the product owners in the analysis and documentation of technical requirements and user stories
Assist with production of high quality operational and system documentation as required
Communicate effectively with other development teams, production operations, and several other technology groups, to ensure regular smooth delivery of working software to production
Help other team members to grow and improve their technical knowledge as they help you grow and improve
Required Experience/Skills
5+ year’s experience in a hands-on development role at a commercial software company
Strong Experience with React, TypeScript and Redux
Knowledge of Golang - Experience in other strongly typed languages (e.g. Java, C#) coupled with a strong dedication to learn Go may be an acceptable substitute.
Experience with event-base architectures and messaging patterns
Expertise in designing and implementing distributed enterprise software solutions.
Understanding of CI/CD concepts
Familiarity with containers, Kubernetes, and Helm charts
Successfully manage own workload, and take personal responsibility and ownership for delivery, behaviors, and self-improvement
Experience in mentoring
Experience with Agile/SCRUM/Lean software development
Preferred Experience/Skills
Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks
Experience in interviewing
What Diligent Offers You  
Creativity is ingrained in our culture. We are innovative collaborators by nature. We thrive in exploring how things can be differently both in our internal processes and to help our clients
We care about our people. Diligent offers a flexible work environment, competitive vacation policy and meeting-free days across the company. We care about our team’s health and wellness and even offer a quarterly health club reimbursement!
We have teams all over the world. We may be headquartered in New York City, but we have office hubs in Washington D.C., Vancouver, London, Galway, Budapest, Munich, Bengaluru, and Sydney.
Diversity is important to us. Growing, maintaining and promoting a diverse team is a top priority for us. We foster and encourage diversity through our Employee Resource Groups and provide access to resources and education to support the education of our team, facilitate dialogue, and foster understanding.
Diligent created the modern governance movement. Our world-changing idea is to empower leaders with the technology, insights and connections they need to drive greater impact and accountability – to lead with purpose. Our employees are passionate, smart, and creative people who not only want to help build the software company of the future, but who want to make the world a more sustainable, equitable and better place. 
Headquartered in New York, Diligent has offices in Washington D.C., London, Galway, Budapest, Vancouver, Bengaluru, Munich, and Sydney. 
We are a drug free workplace. Diligent is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental disability, age, military status, protected veteran status, marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer related or HIV/AIDS related), genetic information, or sexual orientation in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Diligent's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. We are  committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recruitment@diligent.com.
To all recruitment agencies: Diligent does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our recruitment@diligent.com alias, Diligent employees or any other organization location. Diligent is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Jelentkezem
