Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Frontend Angular Developer - Remote 
Would you like to join a funded startup (€1.2m) that develops an innovative data visualization platform?
Our client builds software that can detect anomalies on the production line (in a factory) where a camera screens the stuff on the line and the AI running behind it can detect product anomalies.
This platform can simulate data and model the manufacturing process to increase efficiencies.
Think of the AI, data visualization, visual detection...  This is as high-tech as it can get! Would you like to be a part of it?
This will be a great fit if you'd like to utilize your past few years of experience in web development and finally build THE BEST FRONTEND you could ever build... using the latest libraries, greatest CI/CD tools, and most advanced data visualization libraries.
We are looking for a Senior Frontend Developer with Angular experience to join the co-founding team 100% remotely from Serbia or Bosnia – yet work with the team closely, full-time, long-term.
Your Job Responsibilities Will Be:
Take the existing MVP and build new data visualization features.
Research the best libraries, frameworks, and tools... to create the greatest foundation for the new product.
Collaborate with the C-level execs and help them hire new team members.
Take part in product prioritization meetings to finalize requirements and provide estimations.
Create new UI-prototypes and continuously improve code quality.
Requirements
Must-have Competencies:
4-5+ years of relevant experience with Frontend Web Development
Strong knowledge of TypeScript
Experience with Angular in production at least 2-3 years
Fluent English
Contract Terms:
100% remote
Long term, full-time, permanent, unlimited assignments
Freelance contract (Permanent/Full-time/with un-limited duration) with regular monthly payments (B2B)
Fully remote with Flexible working hours
Relocation is not included/not supported
Desired start date as soon as possible
Regular set monthly billing
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Frontend Angular Developer - Remote 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Jobmarketing Kft 
Hungary 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 28.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Senior Angular Frontend Developer 
 Budapest  
 Frontend Software Engineer (Angular) 
 Budapest  
 Frontend Developer 
 Budapest  
 Frontend Developer 
 Budapest  
 Fullstack Developer (Java,Angular) 
 Budapest  
