Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
DevOps Engineer 
Your new company
IT Services multinational company.
Your new role
Collaborate with developers, QAs, project managers, business analysts and account managers in conceptualizing, configuring and implementing new tools or environments and enhancements to them. 
Adhere to high-quality devops principles while delivering solutions on-time and on-budget 
Deploying and configuring microservices applications on cloud. 
Working on ways to automate and improve development and release processes 
Analyze user requests and assist in the design and implementation process for new products/projects and inform senior executives of alternatives 
What you'll need to succeed
In-depth Linux OS knowledge 
Extensive experience with Docker, Jenkins, and Git 
Familiarity with Helm and Kubernetes 
Familiarity with Kong Ingress 
Experience in Bash shell scripting 
Have 4-7 years of experience in similar devops roles
Nice to have:   
Windows OS knowledge 
Experience with virtualization management tools (Docker) 
Cloud knowledge on AWS (EKS, ECR) 
Experience with virtualization management tools 
Familiarity with PostgreSQL, and RabbitMQ 
Experience with Ansible or Chef 
Experience with Prometheus 
Familiarity with Microservices 
What you'll get in return
Be part of a real multinational team and environment
Develop your career path and grow domain wise (vertical and horizontal opportunities for growth and rotation among different units) 
Learn and develop soft and hard skills (1000+ internal trainings) 
Delivering services from Hungary since 2001, making us a perfect choice if you’re looking for stability. 
We provide a wide range of benefits, including a market leading comprehensive private health care package. 
We offer extensive self-development opportunities: our colleagues have a multitude of training possibilities for personal and professional growth. 
There are both vertical and horizontal career options for those who like to challenge themselves and try out different areas and positions. 
You will be part of a global and diverse working environment with relaxation areas, terraces, and a friendly atmosphere. 
You can seize the day with us at our company events, hobby clubs, and sporting initiatives. 
An attractive compensation package. 
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
DevOps Engineer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 28.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Devops Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Devops Engineer 
 Budapest  
