Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Manual Tester 
Freelancer QA Engineer
Budapest (full-remote)
8.000-10.500Ft/hour
Your new place
IBM produces and sells computer hardware, middleware and software, and provides hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology. IBM is also a major research organization, holding the record for most annual U.S. patents generated by a business (as of 2021) for 29 consecutive years.
Your new role
Design, develop and execute test cases-based requirements and user stories.
Design and develop complex Enterprise system test scenarios
Analyse the product feature and stories and derive system test scenarios.
Analyse the failures and report defects.
Participate in product architecture meeting
Maintain and enhance automated and manual test suites to stay current with new product features.
Simulate real-world deployments of the products and reproduce customer issues.
Identify automation opportunities in different workflow.
Define and prepare test data and test environments to support testing.
What you'll need to succeed
3-8 years of relevant industry experience in testing enterprise applications.
Hands on experience in authoring and executing the test scenarios/testcases manually.
Good expertise in deriving the System test validation scenarios.
Analytical skills to derive SVT tests from product features/stories.
Experience to work in enterprise level web and windows based application.
Good to have expertise with API testing, API automation, Shell scripting and automation frameworks using Selenium Java
Create the respective test automation scenarios for manual tests; optimize and maintain history test scripts.
Experience with all testing types: black box, white box, regression, integration.
Working knowledge of application servers (WAS, Liberty, Tomcat), database servers (Oracle, DB2).
#hays #haystecnology #QAengineer
If this opportunity caught your attention, don't hesitate and apply now!
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Manual Tester 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 28.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Mobile Application Tester 
 Budapest  
 Embedded Penetration Tester (Ethical Hacker) 
 Budapest  
 Test Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Java - Javacript Fullstack Developer 
 Budapest  
 Senior Quality Assurance Lead 
 Budapest  
