Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
French speaking Customer Service Specialist 
We are looking for a
FRENCH Speaking
Customer Service Specialist
for our multinational IT outsourcing partner
In this role you will:
Manage key customers for the business ensuring excellent service delivery at all times.
Receive and handle telephone enquiries from customers. Ensure that product alternatives are offered where necessary.
Raise tickets for customer data updates.
Process credit notes as required relating to price or delivery discrepancies.
Ensure all customer feedback is logged immediately, tickets followed up and customer receives timely feedback.
Liaise with appropriate warehouse personnel in respect of product distribution, shipping, lead time and product returns.
Liaise with other internal departments in respect of resolving customer enquiries.
Build and maintain strong working relationships with Customers, the Commercial team and all other internal functions.
They have the following requirements:
Demonstrated customer service skills to be able to solve customer service issues—both technical and account related
General understanding of internet technologies
Ability to maintain composure in critical situations and communicate clearly with both internal and external customers
Previous experience in a customer or technical support role a plus
Company provides the following environment & benefits to you:
Training and continuous learning and certification opportunities
Pleasant and inspiring working atmosphere with multicultural community and state-of-the-art technologies.
Easy to access location and modern office building
Competitive salary and cafeteria benefits; free sport allowance, All You Can Move SportPass, medical benefits
Reimbursable language courses
Team events and Company events
Home office min. 2-3 days/week, based on team agreement
Place of work: Budapest
If you are interested in this opportunity, please send your CV in English with the name of the position by applying "Apply" button.
If this job does not meet your ideas, please still send your resume. We can certainly help you with other positions.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
French speaking Customer Service Specialist 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Vision Recruitment Kft. 
BudapestPest 
Teljes munkaidős 
1-2 év munkatapasztalat 
Középiskola 
Frissítés dátuma: 27.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 German speaking Customer Service Specialist 
 Budapest  
 Spanish speaking Service Desk Agent 
 Budapest  
 Polish speaking Sourcing Analyst 
 Budapest  
 GERMAN SPEAKING SERVICE DESK AGENT 
 Budapest  
 Technical Support Representative - German Speaking 
 Debrecen  
