Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
Our partner is working to take the quality of passenger experience to a new level. We are looking for an experienced professional to join their team in Budapest. As team leader, you will be responsible for managing the Server and Network Management team. 
The team's responsibilities include the deployment and operation of the overall infrastructure of our client, including the 24/7 high-availability campus data network, radio, voice and other communication systems, storage and virtualization server farms, cloud-based IaaS systems, and other IT systems. During the operation, Level 2 and - in the case of some systems -, Level 3 services are provided by the team.
Responsibilities:
Manage the group including assignment and prioritization of workload, performance reviews.
You will be responsible for the preventive and reactive maintenance of the systems, in line with the Incident management, Problem management and Change management processes.
Liaise with the Solution Architect team leader and the Business Application Management team leader.
Develop and maintain the group's professional business relationships with IT suppliers and service providers.
Monitoring the performance of the members within your team, and supporting them with a professional attitude in-line with our leadership culture.
                Elvárások / Requirements
5+ years overall experience including 1-3 years of experience in a similar team leader position. 
An in-depth understanding of high availability, disaster recovery, multi-site architecture, data center design, virtualization & containerization, network technology is a must.
Candidates must demonstrate the ability to learn on-the-fly, and be able to solve complex problems.
Very good command of English (written and spoken) and native Hungarian (must have)
B category driving licence
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
You will have the opportunity to be a part of and manage a highly skilled team of professionals.
You will be involved in the implementation and operation of unique and complex IT systems.
You will be part of the management team.
A vibrant, fast moving work environment.
Home office opportunity.
Server and Network Management team leader 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 27.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Java Team Leader 
 Budapest  
 Java Team Leader 
 Budapest  
 Szerver és hálózat rendszeradminisztrátor - Server and Network administrator 
 Budapest  
 Network & Security Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Software engineer team lead 
 Budapest  
