Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Functional Safety Engineer 
We are looking for a talented Functional Safety Engineer to join our growing team.
The candidate will report to our TBA (Engineering Manager – Integration & Test OR Software). You will work on the design, development, and integration of our world-class electric vehicle control systems.
As the Functional Safety engineering you will lead all activities relating to Functional Safety activities working closely with cross domain engineering teams, key program and customer stakeholders and certification/regulatory agencies.
You will be involved from a Functional Safety perspective in the Conceptual, Architectural, Design and Test phases of product development. The functional safety work products will be critical for certification for application deployment.
It will be important that you are able to articulate, coach and champion Functional Safety requirements and best practices throughout the organisation.
As the Functional Safety Engineer, you will be a key portal for information internally and externally relating to this subject.
Requirements:
A passionate interest in electric transport/mobility and an interest in developing new generations of electric mobility solutions.
A qualification in Electrical or Computer Systems Engineering.
Implementation of the requirements adhering to functional safety standard ISO 26262
Leading and coordination of creation of functional safety work products according to ISO 26262
Experience using safety analysis (HARA, FTA, HAZOP, FMEA) and tools (PLM).
Experience development of Functional Safety Concepts, Technical Safety Requirements and Technical Safety Concpets with relevant domain engineering teams.
Established safety validation plans with relevant test engineers.
Strong understanding of product development for automotive and ISO 26262, ASIL decomposition, safety mechanism.
Demonstrated execution experience in delivering functional safety projects.
Excellent understanding of the EV vehicle and its main core components
A strong analytical ability and being able to articulate the findings to keystake holders.
Great interpersonal and communication skills with an ability to articulate technical content,
Support of ISO 26262 TUV certification
Other Useful Experience:
Industry experience with IEC61508
Experience working closely with electrical and software engineering teams on safety critical systems with human interaction.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Ability to mentor, coach and arbitrate with your engineering peers.
Industry experience in robotics, automotive or similar.
Experienced in product development within an A-Spice framework
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Functional Safety Engineer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 28.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Embedded Software Test Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Embedded Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
 C Software Engineer 
 Veszprém  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Embedded SW Engineer 
 Budapest  
