Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Software Quality Engineer (ASPICE) 
Quality Engineer
Purpose of the job
You will proactively work with the Project and Product Management, Software Development and Software Testing teams to improve product and process quality.
Key responsibilities
Create and maintain quality plans and schedules that support the organisation’s quality goals.
Devise, plan, and conduct process quality checks, project and product quality gates.
Manage and regularly report on project schedule, compliance, deliverables, resources and risks.
Consult and guide designated business groups in their process improvement roadmaps.
Analyse technical requirements and design to implement and verify the corresponding process solutions.
Build, deploy, monitor and continuously improve engineering processes in a cross-functional team environment at an international level.
Facilitate and support internal and external quality assessment/audits.      
Required skills
The successful applicant should satisfy the following requirements:
BSc-level qualifications in Quality/Systems/Software/Electronics Engineering or a similar engineering discipline.
Proven experience of 5 years or more in the Automotive industry, or a closely related field.
Sound knowledge and experience managing, implementing and/or auditing/assessing A-SPICE or ISO26262 (other Automotive industry-relevant standards are a bonus).
Practical experience with writing/deploying work processes.
Practical experience with the full software development life cycle (SDLC). Experience with Agile and V-model is an advantage.
A strong team focus and highly developed communication skills.
Speak/Read/Write fluently in Hungarian and English.
Must have a great passion for doing things right the first time!
What can we give you in return?
A position at a successful global company in Hungary, where you’ll have to opportunity to learn from the best
Serious, professional challenges
Cutting-edge infrastructure
Flexible working hours
The opportunity to develop the vehicle control software of the future in the present
The opportunity to work abroad for several weeks (Melbourne, Australia)
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Software Quality Engineer (ASPICE) 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 28.02.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 C Software Engineer 
 Veszprém  
 Embedded Software Test Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Software Engineer  
 Budapest  
 C Software Engineer 
 Budapest  
