Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Service Delivery Manager 
General purpose of the job 
Service Delivery Manager plans, implements, leads, supports of all Payment Processing service delivery initiatives.  
measurement of BPC fact based services against customers
implement ITIL based service management
provide numbers and statistics. 
Collect of billable naturals for PMs and sales,
identify and implement services efficiencies,
ensure security processes are created and followed, 
manage and measure of customer SLAs and reporting 
maintain accurate policies and service procedures, 
 The Manager of Service Delivery is also responsible for management of vendors for customer related projects and coordination of customer delivery projects where it is applicable.     
Job description Duties & Responsibilities:    
Supervise day-to-day operations in the customer service department
General oversight of Service Desk function, including performance trending and ticket analysis, handling escalated support issues, identifying, and quantifying improvement opportunities, and allocating staff accordingly to meet business objectives.
Other customer related based duties as required
General planning, implementation, operation and maintenance of the following ITIL processes
incident management
problem management
change management
acces management of internal and external entities
customer request fulfilment
resource capacity plannind and management
SLA management and reporting
Knowledge, skill and abilities   
Demonstrated experience and knowledge in payment and card processing, and /or banking front or back office, application or systems administration and maintenance 
Demonstrated experience and knowledge of IT systems/data security like PCI DSS or ISO 27001, as it relates to financial institutions or other industries that must comply with federal regulations.
Strong English communication skills with specific ability to translate detailed technical details to a non-technical audience.
Proven leadership experience and the ability to interface with all levels (executive to entry level).
Demonstrated knowledge and experience in regulations and best practices for technical deployments in a financial industry.
Excellent analytical skills.
Proficient with the Microsoft Office Suite of products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Project, and Visio).
ITIL v3/4 knowledge and skills
Requirements 
6+ years’ combined IT experience in payment processing and/or banking and/or telecommunications
3+ years’ experience leading technical staff in support, maintenance, or project activities and 2+ years’ experience developing and documenting procedures.
(Preferred) 2+ years’ Financial Institution employment.
ITIL cert is an advantage
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Service Delivery Manager 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 04.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Service Desk Agent 
 Budapest  
 Cybersecurity Project Manager 
 Budapest  
 Technical Security Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Application Development Project Manager 
 Budapest  
 Security Tech Specialist 
 Budapest  
