Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
Aegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, UK and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil and Iberia and an Asset Management organization with locations in UK, US, NL and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, we foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. We are a people business, and we recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. We value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
You will be responsible for implementing, monitoring, and processing security requests for various business applications on multiple platforms, following best practice, regulatory, and compliance standards for Access Controls.
Key Duties, Accountabilities, and Responsibilities:
Process and respond to requests submitted, abiding by application security guidelines, procedures, compliance, and regulatory needs
Performs all procedures necessary to ensure adherence to access controls best practices for business applications.
Must be able to manage multiple activities at the same time
Interfaces with the user community to understand application security needs, modifies procedures following compliance standards. Identify potential threats and responds appropriately.
Ensures that user community understands and adheres to necessary procedures to maintain compliance.
Conducts accurate evaluation of level of security required
Review, recommend, and implement changes to procedures and systems to enhance application security and efficient processing. Provides management with status reports on activities.
Provide general support for applications as they relate to security functions.
Interact and maintain effective relationships and helps develop documentation as new processes and procedures evolve.
Understands and may participate in or facilitate audit process (gather data, explain processes/procedures) for compliance of systems, standards, and processes.
Effectively applies fundamental concepts; works on assignments of moderate scope and complexity, with limited oversight; makes recommendations for changes to procedures, and performs varied work, requiring some originality or ingenuity.
Other duties as assigned based on divisional needs.
Conforms with and abides by all regulations, policies, work procedures, instructions, and all health and safety rules.
Exhibits regular, reliable, punctual, and predictable attendance.
                Elvárások / Requirements
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in a related business field or equivalent knowledge.
Minimum of 2 years previous related work experience.
Knowledgeable of security processes, ability to maintain regulatory compliance, detail-oriented, results-driven, with exposure to common technology environments.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with application security, base understanding of compliance, regulatory, and best practices for access controls.
Experience with Active Directory, mainframe, client-server, and web-based application is helpful.
Advanced communication and customer service skills.
Ability to work in a team environment, adapt quickly to change, and learn new applications, environments, or processes.
Aptitude to learn and apply Technology.
Exposure to operational risk practices.
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
Brand new office at an excellent location
Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Intermediate Application Security Analyst 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 03.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Intermediate License Management Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Information Security Program Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Information Security Analyst 
 Budapest  
 Application Development Project Manager 
 Budapest  
 German/French speaking Application Support Analyst 
 Budapest  
