Ugrás a tartalomra
Menü
Search for jobs
Close menu
Nyelvek
EN
HU
Login menu
Belépés
Regisztráció
Applicant main menu
Profilom
Álláskeresés
Tudástár
backTudástár
Álláskeresés
Önéletrajz
Motivációs levél
Munkahely váltás
Felmondás
Elbocsátás
Bérkalkulátor
GYIK
Munkáltatóknak
ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
As an internationally positioned IT team, we support the Client's product development by providing applications and solutions for mechanical and software development and for the management of development data. In this processes, we count more than 6,000 users among our internal customers.
We operate in a very heterogeneous environment of applications, such as CATIA Mechanical Design, MS Project Server, JIRA, GIT Software Management, Doors NG Requirements Management and our PLM system CIM Database.
To strengthen our team we are looking for a qualified and motivated IT specialist at our location in Budapest.
We offer an exciting work environment in a globally operating enterprise with many various opportunities for your own personal professional growth.
Focus is the software technical implementation of requirements demanded by our business partners in the engineering departments, mainly in Python programming language and in the context of our PLM System CIM Database
Developments of add-ons and interfaces to automate and optimize business processes.
Configuration of the engineering applications according to the business needs.
Operation, installation, configuration and incident handling in the environment of engineering applications.
Monitoring the service quality and ensuring optimal quality and availability of the application environment.
Communication and close collaboration with our other IT technical teams
                Elvárások / Requirements
Successfully completed studies in computer science or a comparable course of study
Deep knowledge and experience in at least one object-oriented software development language, preferably Python
Additional knowledge in e.g. C++, C#, Java Script, Linux Shell Programming is welcome but not mandatory·
Creative and analytical problem solving of issues
Good English skills (spoken and written).
Experienced working in an international, virtual team.
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
Professional development opportunities
Competitive salary
Dynamic atmosphere
Home-office possibility
Python Developer for Engineering Expert 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 03.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Python Software Engineer/Modelling Expert 
 Budapest  
 C++ developer 
 Budapest  
 Software Developer (C++) 
 Budapest  
 IT Expert SAP WM/IM and warehousing 
 Budapest  
 Senior Python Software Engineer  
 Budapest  
