Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
English speaking Linux System Administrator (REF1626K) (Budapest)
English speaking Linux System Administrator (REF1626K) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
English speaking Linux System Administrator (REF1626K)
As a Linux System Administrator you have to take care of automotive systems for a German car and truck manufacturer. This implies the maintenance and change of systems, applications and process chains for our customer. Furthermore, installations tests, implementations and setting up and running the customer environments are also part of our tasks.
Tasks:
Installation, administration and patching of many different Linux-servers
Basic SQL knowledge (queries)
Administration and configuration Wildfly, Jboss, Tomcat, Apache, Citrix
Rootcause analyse, debugging
Fundamental understanding of Architectures as NAT, Firewalls, Routing
Contact person for all questions regarding Infrastructure, central contact person for the operating departement
Usage of JIRA – issue tracking, administrating
Forwarding the more complex problems to the next level of support
Delivery to the customer, occasionally customer contact
Working office hours without oncall duty
Skills:
At least 2 years experience within supporting Linux systems 
At least 1 year experience with SQL databases
At least 2 years experience in system operation/administration 
English knowledge on C1 level
Advantages
German knowledge
Advanced database administration (Oracle and PostgreSQL)
Docker, kubernetes; Administration, Build, OpenShift
Implementation and adaptation of scripts  (mainly Linux Bash; fundamentals of  Windows CMD and Powershell)
Nagios, Administration, implementation of Check-Scripts
ITIL process knowledge
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Hálózatépítő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Cloud System Administrator (REF1564L)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
System Administrator
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Linux System Administrator (REF1610S)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
English and German speaking Linux System Administrator (REF1491J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
