Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Technical Business Analyst (Magyarország)
Technical Business Analyst (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Technical Business Analyst
Interact with the business in order to know and understand their processes and (IT) needs. Be the
liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teams.
Work directly with stakeholders to gather requirements and provide solutions for applications and
integrations with vendor solutions.
Provide functional support for financial related applications.
Execute or assist in resolution of issues. Ensure appropriate tickets are created to record and
assign issues and document resolution.
Prepare application administration documents, end-user documentation, and/or application
training to end-users.
Utilize change management process to ensure modifications or upgrades are authorized, tested
when applicable, approved, and implemented appropriately.
Act as point of contact with application vendor and customer to coordinate new releases, updates,
or changes.
Ensure proper application monitoring is in place and reviewed. Coordinate with technical staff if
there is an issue.
Understanding security, risk, and compliance controls and work with compliance team and
business owner to ensure controls are met and/or mitigated. Participate in IT audits.
Work within an agile environment.
Participate in initiatives and projects as assigned.
Our partner provides IT infrastructure and application support services to the financial businesses. The Company is responsible for the provision, support and ongoing maintenance of IT operating platforms, applications and services. There is also a strong connection with external providers necessitating vendor and service provider management. Our partner is responsible for driving the technology strategy and providing IT infrastructure solutions that are in alignment with business objectives and the company's technology strategy.
Bachelor’s degree in a related field or equivalent knowledge and a minimum related work
experience of 5 years.
Experience with functional application support preferably in the Financial Services, Banking, and
Insurance industry.
Excellent English communication skills with the ability to work across multi-functional international
teams.
Confident and effective dealing with stakeholders and end users.
Basic understanding of MS Windows Server
Basic understanding of SQL
Basic understanding of MS Internet Information Service (IIS) is preferred.
Experience with cloud concepts
Experience with networking
Experience with (S)FTP Protocol and Processes
Experience with Web Security Certificates
Experience with Service Now, Confluence, Jira preferred
Experience working on projects including requirements gathering, analysis, and documentation.
Good planning, prioritizing and goal setting skills.
High level of knowledge of standard SDLC methodologies.
Advanced ability to accept and embrace change and manage through ambiguous situations.
Understanding of Agile principles and concepts.
Soft Skills
Problem solving skills
Pro-active team player
Creative and the ability to think outside the box
The ability to work independently and also as part of a team
Strong analytical and communication skills
Attention to details
Taking responsibility
Benefits besides compensation/salary:
- Home office
- Flexible working hours
- Health Insurance
- Yoga classes
- Life Fitness discount
- Training & Development opportunities
- Highly people-centric environment
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Scientist
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver projektvezető
BKV Zrt. -
IT kontroller
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Kábel és hálózatszerelő munkatárs
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
