Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Intermediate/Senior DevOps Engineer (Magyarország)
Intermediate/Senior DevOps Engineer (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Intermediate/Senior DevOps Engineer
The candidate will work as an Intermediate/Senior with the existing team in providing global support for multiple business units in support of our AWS environment and specifically provide development and support related to event driven serverless architecture using AWS specific functions to build out our data lake. Will also support and challenge our AWS automation so knowledge of CI/CD pipeline, Kubernetes, Docker, Athena, Step functions, lambda’s, Glue, IAM, and test automation will be needed. Work is done in an Agile environment so experience of this is also necessary along with great communication skills, communicating with the business, vendor
upgrades, working within the regulatory/compliance environment and adhering to related controls, and vendor management.
Also, it is expected to coach and mentor the rest of the team so that the team matures knowledge wise.
Aegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, UK and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil and Iberia and an Asset Management organization with locations in UK, US, NL and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, we foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. We are a people business, and we recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. We value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
Bachelor's degree, or equivalent level.
Minimum 3 years of work experience in a comparable role.
Professional English knowledge, both written and spoken.
Regulatory experience preferred.
2 to 3 years working in AWS.
Knowledge on Kubernetes, Docker, Athena, Step functions, lambda’s, Glue,
IAM.
Have a basic understanding on concept of CI/CD pipelines.
TypeScript / NodeJS is nice to have.
Event driven approach.
Experience with agile is preferred, but not a must.
Experience with Service Now, Confluence, Jira preferred.
Problem solving skills.
Good planning, prioritizing and goal setting skills.
Ability to work independently, but also in team.
Experience in mentoring/coaching team members.
Challenging existing patterns, being open minded, propose new solutions.
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
Brand new office at an excellent location
Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
