Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Information Security Analyst (Budapest)
Information Security Analyst (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Information Security Analyst
What We Are Looking For From You 
You will be calm and collected in pressure situations, able to navigate through technology and security problems to find a root cause or balanced outcome.
You’ll help maintain the protective controls in place across the estates day-to-day and ensure action is taken in areas of high risk.
You’ll help the team be well prepared for all types of incidents, and that we learn from any incidents to prevent reoccurrences.
You’ll be able to work with a multitude of stakeholders spread across the world to provide advice and support in improving security.
You’ll be skilled in writing a range of documentation, ranging from processes and procedures, over risk assessments to reports, and have an eye for details and be able to convert tech talk into normal language.
You’ll be able to write code to collect and process data for analysis, ideally in python.
You’ll be able to balance priorities and manage your time to effectively to ensure delivery of improvements.
You’ll have a hunger to learn and grow in your technical knowledge and soft skills. 
What you’ll have done before 
You’ll have worked at least 2 years in an Information Security role.
You will have hands on technical skills, able to walk through network and system logs to extract information and able to understand the security impact of changes to systems.
You’ll have used a variety of security tooling across the spectrum, both in implementing them and maintaining them, covering things like IPS/IDS, AV, SIEM tools, vulnerability Scanning.
You’ll have had experience and understanding of public cloud technologies, examples being AWS and Azure. You’ll have worked with IAM users, roles and policies.
Ideally you have worked with AWS security services such as cloudtrail, guardduty, inspector, etc.
You’ll have spent time learning to gain Information Security certifications, especially with a cloud-focus.
You’ll have worked to give detailed yet to the point messages to a range of stakeholders, technical and not technical. 
 For all permanent full-time staff, we offer: 
Global Career Opportunities. 
Tuition fee reimbursement for higher education. 
English Live training. 
Global Management Training. 
Discounts on company programs. 
Strength Finder training. 
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
IT Security Manager (REF1606M)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Azure Cloud Consultant (REF1499H)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
