Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
License Management Analyst (Budapest)
License Management Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Senior IT Asset Management Analyst
Managing a detailed inventory of our organization's software and hardware assets;
Applying the information to assist with determining the best decisions concerning IT-related purchases and redistribution of assets throughout the organization is also your task;
Provide support for the governance concerning the ITAM tools applied in managing, monitoring, and reporting on IT assets and inventory;
Work with the ITSM manager to establish a relationship and consistency between the IT Asset database and the CMDB;
Perform verification and audit of DML and CMDB content; verify software assets with license contracts, confirm hardware assets with actual inventory, and initiate corrective actions and track them;
Managing and maintaining databases and records of information such as licenses, service agreements, and warranties for the organization’s software and hardware;
Help to establish and manage the team KPI/Metrics and run standardized reporting on a scheduled basis together with unscheduled reporting demanded by management;
Take part in various projects, providing support to Managers and up to VPs of Infrastructure and Finance;
Establish and maintain documentation of procedures, processes, and reports concerning asset and configuration management;
Aegon Global Technology Services (GTS) provides IT infrastructure and application support services to the Aegon businesses. GTS is responsible for the provision, support, and ongoing maintenance of IT operating platforms, applications, and services. There is also a strong connection with external providers necessitating vendor and service provider management. GTS is responsible for driving the technology strategy and providing IT infrastructure solutions aligned with business objectives and the GTS technology strategy.
Manage against the ITAM service delivery model to include a global purview of all IT hardware and Software to include SaaS. Responsible for managing a detailed inventory of the organization’s software and hardware assets. Management of applying operational and vendor information to assist with determining the best decisions concerning IT-related purchases and redistribution of assets throughout the organization.  Creation of Licensing positions.  Assist with and have responsibility for modelling key, global and regional licenses against opportunity for optimization and cost savings, and compliance with software agreements.  The intent for this role is to feed into the strategy in how the organization allocates and purchases globally to eliminate waste and increase efficiency in how IT Assets are utilized.  This role will help to implement policies, systems, processes, and standards related to how we manage IT Assets, on a daily and long-term basis.  This role will also identify, map, and report against the alignment of each IT Asset and the contract under which each is governed.  This role ensures quality control throughout the lifecycle of each IT Asset. 
Bachelor’s degree in business, technology, or related field or demonstratable experience;
Minimum three years of experience and knowledge with IT hardware and or software asset management; 
Experience with interpretation of software licensing contract terms and conditions;
Significant knowledge and five years plus experience working with a CMDB and the specific business services that it supports;
Understanding of complex software agreements;
Knowledge of licensing agreements involving software, including Microsoft, IBM, and Oracle;
Well-versed vendor management and negotiation skills;
Significant knowledge of IT Service Management processes;
Understanding complex software and hardware agreements;
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail;
Solid problem-solving and consultative skills;
Strong communication, organization, and time management skills; 
Opportunity to join a newly started IT Center in Budapest;
Brand new office at an excellent location;
Training and career opportunities;
Competitive salary;
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP IT Application consultant Controlling
Hays Hungary Kft. -
German Service Desk Representative
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Operator 7X24
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Application Support Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Head of Internal IT – Service HUB Owner (REF1425U)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
