Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Java Developer (Budapest)
Java Developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Java Developer
Your new company
Would you like to work with one of the leading investment companies? Develop yourself and your career in a highly multicultural and giving environment – as a Java Developer!
Your new role
spearheading the development of backend stack, architecting, and building backend projects,
being involved in inception to delivery of various features and products on a results-oriented and exciting product roadmap,
working with project managers, technical leads, business owners, and analysts through the entire SDLC, understanding and refining systems requirements, working in Agile model,
participating in setting coding standards and guidelines for web applications, identify and detail best practices,
helping the team continuously improve processes and ways of working,
being curious and eager to learn new things,
willing to embrace work outside of your comfort zone, and open to mentorship from others; you make mistakes, but learn from them,
being passionate about technology, with personal ownership for the work you do.
What you'll need to succeed
3+ years hands-on Java development experience with services-oriented architectures and Java application servers (JBoss, Apache, Spring Framework)
Experience with Test Driven Development (JUnit, TestNG, EasyMock, JMock)
Ability of writing clean, future proof code with proper unit testing
Knowledge of at least one distributed version control system ideally Git
Good written and verbal communication skills in English
Understanding the Agile project management disciplines, with an emphasis on Scrum
Strong teamwork, communication, and time management abilities
Is a plus:
Experience with Docker/Kubernetes and Helm
Experience with Azure DevOps
Experience with frameworks like Angular, React, Node.js, Typescript
Knowledge of the core JavaScript and solid understanding of at least one JavaScript libraries like rxjs or ngrx
Solid understanding and experience of HTML 5 and CSS
What you'll get in return
Our partner provides support in any formal and informal way possible:
competitive salary package, cafeteria, private health insurance,
training and a mentor program for a smooth start, further soft and hard skill trainings on the long term,
an open, friendly and multinational atmosphere in a brand new modern office in the city centre,
home office opportunity in a hybrid way.
Gain profitable insights in software development and build your career at our partner as a Java developer!
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
 Java full-stack developer (with DevOps)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Mobilfejlesztő
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
PHP backend fejlesztő - Telco szektor - 11. ker, Remote munkavégzés!
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Java Developer
Cinemo GmbH -
Android Application Engineer (f/m/d)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
