Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Junior IT Business Analyst and Devops Engineer (Budapest)
Junior IT Business Analyst and Devops Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Junior IT Business Analyst
Develop new IT products, processes or standards accordingly to the organizations business strategies and consistent with the overall design of the organization’s information systems arhitecture with a direct impact on business unit/function overall results
Responsible (operational or as project lead/management role) for the implementation and/or rollout of central/regional IT products, projects/processes or standards and integration with local/regional IT systems landscape
Act as an IT business analyst and consultant during entire IT project(s) lifecycle, gaining the trust and engagement of the parties involved (internal or external) in order to accept and adopt new products, concepts, practices and approaches
Apply advanced/well developed knowledge of IT job area and broad knowledge of other different job areas in order to analyse complex issues and propose and/or implement methods designed to improve as-is products and processes.
Provide input into new products, processes or standards and may
conceptualize truly new products and/or processes.
Share knowledge of practices and procedures in order to train and on-board new team/project members; lead internal or external team(s)/project members for specific purposes.
Closely collaborate with CEE/other or HQ counterparts.
May lead different projects within the CEE cluster or region.
Our client is a prestigious German automotive client for whom we are looking for an IT business analyst for their Budapest business center to take part in international IT projects.
Technical knowledge
Familiarity with all aspects of Software Development Life Cycle, and configuration, change and release management principles and concepts
Familiarity with Agile Scrum methods
Familiarity with different programming languages
Experience in development, support and maintenance of complex IT systems, including interfaces/integrations between systems
Working knowledge of relational databases, database structures 
Knowledge of information technology techniques and procedures to provide assistance to users in analysing their requirements
Ability to write procedures, document business processes, and prepare application documentation
Experience with MS Office Suite/other similar tools
Soft skills/individual competence:     
Ability to collaborate and work in a team/cross-team environment and countries
Good command of English both oral and written
Interpersonal and consultative/facilitation skills
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyse and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail 
Capability of delivering a high level of accuracy
Organizational skills, including time management and ability to prioritize multiple, simultaneous requests
Flexibility
- Competitive salary including additional one month bonus
- Modern work environment
- Home office opportunity
- Free English and German language courses 
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Scientist
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver projektvezető
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Projektkoordinátor
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Kábel és hálózatszerelő munkatárs
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
