Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Solution Engineer (GitOps) (REF1597A) (Budapest)
Senior Solution Engineer (GitOps) (REF1597A) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Senior Solution Engineer (GitOps) (REF1597A)
Job Summary/Briefing:
We are looking for a Senior Solution Engineer to join us and support our growing customer base and their business needs!
Who are we? We, as Open Telekom Cloud Managed Services provide a service to manage the customer's infrastructure and software components (OS, application, middleware and database) with a highly standardized portfolio.
We provide End-to-End support for our customers from a central management environment and enhancing the platform (OTC) capabilities. We enable our main platform to switch from compute offerings to a solution based offering by integrating our services to new or existing customer landscapes.
We provide support in the office time and on on-call duty as our services are running 24/7.
About your role in our organization:
The OTC Tribe contains 150+ employees including platform operations, service management, overhead roles and also our colleagues.
We, OTC Managed Services are a smaller team working on top of the platform and we have 8 colleagues (Operations, Engineering, Architects, Processes, Product Owner).
As a senior engineer, you will bring in a fresh view and new ideas to improve our services and help our development with recommendations.
You will be assigned to more complex issues, develop the associated low-level designs, and then implement these solutions or delegate to our operation team supervised by our Lead Architect.
You do not have to be a master of everything regarding the below listed tools and technologies, but it is required to have the needed seniority and experience with enterprise solutions and at least know the tools, plus have in depth experience with at least a few of them.
Main focus is on container based operation and tools are marked below, especially Kubernetes and the related tools used for operation.
Description about the used tools, needed skills and requirements:
First of all, we would except a general professional interest in IT and regarding newer tools, technologies. We are looking for a friendly and communicative person to help others in the team develop theirselves further, bring in recommendations and new ideas.
Our services are cloud based and running on Linux (Redhat / Debian / Ubuntu based), Windows (Windows Server 2016 / 2019 / 2022) and OTC’s CCE (Cloud Container Engine).
Based on these, a strong knowledge regarding the IT basics is a must (cloud computing, operating systems, networking, databases, etc).
Container technologies:
Docker and Kubernetes - deeper knowledge is needed mainly for operation. Currently we are using OTC’s CCE (Cloud Container Engine) which is OTC’s Kubernetes based managed container solution.
Our future plan is to build our own Kubernetes solution based on compute resources. It’s a great plus if you have experience also in designing and building up Kubernetes based infrastructures in an enterprise environment.
We are in the middle of shifting our way of working to GitOps lately.
The toolset currently we are working with (marked where currently we lack of in-depth competence and experience in the team):
ArgoCD (*)
Rancher (*)
Helm-chart
GitLab
Terraform
Ansible (*)
Packer by HashiCorp (*)
Keycloack
Zabbix
Grafana
Elasticsearch/ECK (*)
Confluence
JIRA
A little (or more) coding experience is nice to have with languages like Go or Python. Some of our automation or scripts are currently in Go.
Experience and knowledge in database operation (MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, or MSSQL) is nice to have.
Requirements:
At least 3-5 years of Solution Engineer or similar experience working with the above listed technologies.
Knowledge and proved experience with Cloud operation and technologies (operation with High Availability, Clusterization, Hybrid Cloud operation, Cloud native operation, CMDB, etc.)
Experience in GitOps is a big plus.
An average/moderate but confident English language knowledge is a must.
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
