Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Line Security Manager (REF1562S) (Budapest)
Line Security Manager (REF1562S) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Line Security Manager (REF1562S)
Tasks:
Initiate, control, evaluate and assure quality of IT Security KPI’s
Reporting based on business requirements
Creation, coordination and tracking of security measures
Regular updating of documentation (e.g. work instructions, manuals, customer documentation)
Change approval of customer and internal requests in ServiceNow ticketing system
Preparation and support during Audits (ISAE3402, SOC2, Customer Audits, Internal Audits, etc.)
Support service chain OPM and SDM with respect to security issues and Control of operational units
Ensure that T-Systems’ IT Security Standards requirements are known, commissioned and implemented
Prepare and conduct regular steering meetings internally  with operational staff and Security Management.
Support customer-related security events and security incidents in collaboration with operational teams.
Support development and implementation of T-Systems’ IT Security requirements 
What our team can offer: 
Supportive, bondable team
Cooperation with international team in Germany, Slovakia and India
Requirements:
At least 2 years of proven professional experience in an operational IT area or a comparable activity or other such industry based regulation of security controls
Information Security basics knowledge / experience
Understand security issues related to confidentiality, integrity, and availability of security services,
Professional behavior  towards internal units and customer
Strong in communication skills
English knowledge
Knowledge of ITIL IT-Service Management,
Able to work under pressure (e.g. during security incidents),
Good methodical and analytical knowledge
Ability to work in complex working environment
Advantages:
German knowledge
Enterprise architecture framework knowledge
Any level of IT Security certificate(s) (CompTIA, EC-Council, CISA/CISM, CISSP, ISO27001, etc)
Personality:
Self-dependence and responsibility
Flexibility
Team-player attitude
Problem solving skills
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Confident Role
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Server and Network Management team leader
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Operations Manager
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Security Officer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Identity & Access Management (IAM) Analyst
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
