ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
DevOps Engineer - Windows 
Your new role
Responsible for developing & maintaining software platforms associated with next-generation audio, video, light & control systems in Professional Solutions.
Azure automated workflows, deployments and environment set up using ARM templates and Azure CLI
Set up the CI/CD pipeline - Bitbucket, Bamboo/Jenkins, Powershell scripting
Blue green deployments and manage Upgrades and Patches
Security aspects regarding DMZ, subnets, NSGs, Whitelists
Support Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS) and/or Microsoft Windows Server and associated technologies (Active Directory, Exchange etc.)
Scripting language experience with PowerShell and Python
Expertise in Networking protocols such as HTTP, DNS and TCP/IP
Acknowledge alerts received from its monitoring systems and adhere to escalation process
Help and manage cloud infrastructure including automate snapshot generation, syncing of data, successful running of cluster
Automate infrastructure failure, recovery and cloud instance startup procedures
Identify infrastructure bottlenecks proactively
Experience working with deployment and orchestration technologies (such as Docker, Kubernetes, Chef, Ansible, Jenkins along with creating the run books and automated scripting).
Manage and maintain source code management, merging, branching, builds, and product release process.
Assist in streamling the build process, improve build performance, and increase automation of processes.
Co-ordinate and support monthly builds and release processes.
Work with IT Production services team to meet technical expectations and goals
Participate in Pen Testing, Stress Testing.
Assist with build process automation including containerizing these build software’s using Docker or Kubernetes
Experienced with Containerization in Docker and create Docker files to ensure consistency in image across environments. 
Automation of the compilation, continuous integration, testing, packaging, and distribution of software. 
Automated the deployments to DEV, QA & Prod Environments by picking up builds from Bamboo or defined source. 
Participate in Bug review meeting and Release Builds to target environment servers 
Manage all aspects of the End- to-End release process, Provide feedback and corrective actions after every release. 
Managing successful deployment of major release to Pre-PROD and PROD servers. 
Automation of various tasks using bash, PowerShell scripts such as maintenance of log files, backups and User management. 
Automation using "Bamboo configuration as Code" BCASC. 
Expertise in Jenkins for continuous integration and deployment
Report out Project status to its Leadership team on periodic basis.
Keep its project tool (Jira) up to date with list of tasks completed, In Progress, Due status.
Work collaboratively with different Teams for achieving end goal of the Project.
Create documentation and report as and when required. Upload all artifacts to its provided file path.
What you'll need to succeed
Master or Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related technical discipline.
Minimum of 5 years of professional experience in DevSecOps.
Minimum of 3 years of professional experience using Bamboo or Jira
Experience with Azure
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker
Experience in networking of hosted applications for cloud, desktop, and mobile
Ability to work effectively within a matrix environment.
Experience maintaining cross-platform applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English.
A strong ability to build relations and work independently.
Experience with Scrum in an Agile Development environment and familiarity with relevant tools
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
DevOps Engineer - Windows 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 01.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Devops Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer in Platform Engineering 
 Budapest  
