ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Product Cybersecurity GRC/Auditor 
Your new role
Contribute to the execution of Product Cyber Security operations, incident response and investigations by documenting and managing opportunities for process improvement and best practices.
Follow up with issue owners to ensure that documented lessons learned are being tracked and remediated.
Perform Product Cyber Security operations as directed by the standard processes and procedures.
Provide evidence of audit compliance for ISO 27001, ISO 21434 and other Internal Audit requirements.
Leverage the GRC case management solution to meet audit, compliance and legal requirements.
Assist the Product CyberSecurity on Governance, risk and compliance (GRC) management.
Supports team members on risk management requests and provide subject matter expertise.
What you'll need to succeed
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electronics, Legal Studies or related field, or equivalent experience
Experience with Cyber Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) and/or Project Management with an emphasis on process improvement
Fluent English knowledge (both written and spoken)
Strong attention to detail by achieving thoroughness and accuracy when accomplishing a task
Excellent written communication skills
Strong work ethic with a bias towards action
Experience with process documentation
Advantage:
Experience with the automotive sector
CRISC, CISM, CISA, CEH CISSP or Security+ certifications
What you'll get in return
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organise leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Product Cybersecurity GRC/Auditor 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 01.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Cybersecurity Specialist 
 Budapest  
 Cybersecurity Project Manager 
 Budapest  
 Cybersecurity & Safety Analyst – Előfejlesztés (K  F   I) 
 Budapest  
 IT Product Owner 
 Budapest  
 Senior Product/UX Designer 
 Budapest  
