ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Senior DevOps Engineer (AWS) 
Your new company
In the IT Services area, they implement the best in class solutions in the Business 4.0 era to enable strong digital foundations for our customers worldwide. We are working with a wide range of technologies and programming languages. 
Your new role
Manage incidents on the core platform where other applications are running. Stability is key. 
Depending on the nature of problems, you propose and implement solutions in collaboration with other teams. 
You guide other teams so that they can be autonomous in the DevOps part of their applications.
Scope of applications, some examples:
>Orchestration and interfacing, including all object conversions, between a mathematical kernel and electrical vehicle charging stations, including the scheduling of processing tasks, monitoring, error handling, communication with other web services, communication with embedded devices
>Industrial IoT data collection system, with monitoring, alerting and dashboarding features.
>Industrialization end-to-end of an existing prototype, including a mathematical kernel and in collaboration with a math colleague, e.g., the estimation of the mechanical stress of a boiler based on historical data. 
What you'll need to succeed
AWS Cloud solution: AWS S3, CloudFront, EC2, EKS, KMS, EBS, EFS, RDS, SNS, SES, ELB, Route53 
Ansible, Kubernetes, Docker 
Redis, Kafka, MongoDB, InfluxDB, Elastic search, Nginx 
NewRelic, Fluentd, Vagrant 
Linux, Git, Gitlab, Gitlab CI
Nice to have:  
Knowledge of VirtualBox 
Experience with OAuth2, OpenIDConnect 
Knowledge of Python development is a plus 
Familiarity with PyCharm, Conda 
What you'll get in return
Delivering services from Hungary since 2001, making us a perfect choice if you’re looking for stability. 
We provide a wide range of benefits, including a market leading comprehensive private health care package. 
We offer extensive self-development opportunities: our colleagues have a multitude of training possibilities for personal and professional growth. 
There are both vertical and horizontal career options for those who like to challenge themselves and try out different areas and positions. 
You will be part of a global and diverse working environment with relaxation areas, terraces, and a friendly atmosphere. 
You can seize the day with us at our company events, hobby clubs, and sporting initiatives. 
An attractive compensation package. 
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Senior DevOps Engineer (AWS) 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 04.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Devops Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Devops Engineer 
 Budapest  
 DevOps Engineer 
 Budapest  
