ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Pozíció leírása / Job description
Our client who provides innovative Cloud-based Contact Center solutions that empower companies to provide the best customer experience is looking for Back End Developers. With their software, and contact centers they can handle a full spectrum of incoming and outgoing communications through Phone, Email, SMS, Chat, and Social Media.
Your mission is to deliver value with software and solve technical problems and help the team meet its goals.
Our client expects you to write the best quality code you can according to the best industry standards, using best practices, and the best patterns you know.
Be able to help the team with any technical challenges, code review, and pair programming.
Participate in quality processes, like manual and automated testing
                Elvárások / Requirements
Have at least 3 years of professional experience in PHP
You are willing to learn and develop (or have some experience) in GO or C
Nice to have:
RDBMS: MySQL or similar
Git
VoIP (SIP/RTP/WebRTC) experience
Microservices
Container technology: Docker / Swarm
Agile frameworks (Scrum, Kanban)
NoSQL technology: MongoDB or similar
Observability frameworks (Grafana, VictoriaMetrics)
                Amit nyújtunk / Benefits
A healthy work-life balance with flexible work options including plenty of home office days.
Additional vacation days and fully paid paternity benefits.
The opportunity to work at a financially stable, growing company with a strong international presence and market position in Europe, America, and East Asia.
They commit to investing in your personal growth in the long run (attractive salary package, benefits, and career opportunities).
A multicultural work environment in their office that was awarded “The Most Loveable Workplaces” prize.
A company with regular team buildings, sports events, charity programs, birthday celebrations, and sweets days!
Mentorship and training opportunities from the start. They create your career path together to help you reach your maximum potential.
Internal training sessions, school programs, and language courses.
Back end developer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Randstad Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 04.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Java Developer ( SAP-Commerce Back-end) 
 Budapest  
 Front End engineer  
 Budapest  
 Full Stack Developer 
 Budapest  
 Software Engineer Front-end 
 Budapest  
 Embedded developer 
 Budapest  
