Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceIT Trainee 
IT TraineeIBM
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, part-time
Wage (gross)
1 400 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesHave you not graduated yet? Get to know our Internships! Apply for IT Trainee position and start you career here! Your future can be made with IBM!  
You can work in Bratislava or Kosice.
Your Role and Responsibilities :
What can we offer?
You’ll begin your career learning the basics of IBM, working alongside experienced experts on client engagements.
Our aim is to help you move as quickly as possible. Your experience duration will be up to 6 months with subsequent chance to convert into regular job.
Once you have mastered the basics, you’ll develop skills in other IBM process such as IT solution delivery & design, project management and methodology, while working with big-name clients where IBM have a significant presence.
You will have the opportunity to:
- Become part of our diverse and multinational community and collaborate within global and local teams
- Work on real world-class IT projects for leading companies
- Gain knowledge and develop skills through on-the-job training
- Balance your work with your study and enjoy flexible working
What do you need for your success?
- Bachelor’s or expected Master degree (Mathematics, Computer science, Information Technology, Engineering) (the Trainee program is aimed for students of 1st and 2nd year of Master's degree)
- Attitude and interest in an IT Engineer/ Specialist / Consultant career
- Adaptability, Communication, Creative, Problem Solving, Taking - Ownership, Teamwork and Collaboration
- Ability to make decisions, take on responsibilities and have the ability to adapt, change and re-prioritize your plans in a dynamic and fast paced environment
- English is a must
- Communicative German is a huge advantage Employee perks, benefitsWhat benefits do we offer?
Salary starting from 1400 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language skills
Stable job in a reputable and well-performing company
Almost endless learning & growth opportunities (classroom based trainings and 5000 e-learning courses)
Annual performance bonus payment
Performance and salary evaluation on regular basis
Subsidized meal-tickets
Flexible working time and home office with option to borrow assets (monitor, chair)
Three additional vacation days
Up to three self-recovery days
100% sick leave compensation
Life insurance and supplementary pension savings program
Private medical sanatorium
Long term career development and possibility of internal rotation
Recommend-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
Special IBM discounts, MultiSport card etc. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Veronika SimonovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4063133 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: IT Consultant, IT Tester, IT/Technical Support Specialist, Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 400 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
