Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceTrainee C++ embedded developer 
Trainee C++ embedded developerGlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 100 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesThe trainee will be part of an automotive project.
GL has been developing standalone telematics solutions for vehicle connectivity, letting car drivers enjoy the newest automotive features, innovative safety navigation, and entertainment services. Multiple teams work for a well-recognized world-class customer for 6 years now. They are currently starting the development of ATB4S. The ATB4S is a 4G telematic unit.
-Analyze, plan and develop code and tech specifications
-Design and build SW for automotive telematics
-Unit-test code for robustness, usability, and general reliability
-Work on bug fixing and improving application performance
-Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency
-Hold regular technical team meetings to determine progress and address any technical questions or challenges related to projects
-Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features
-Perform code review and update development documentation Employee perks, benefitsEmployee perks, benefits
• Extra 4 paid vacation days,
• Flexible working hours and optional home working,
• Personal computer hardware that you can use at home anytime you need,
• Voice & data mobile phone plans and discounts on computer hardware,
• Bonus for leisure, relaxation, health & wellbeing,
• Special discounts & perks for employees from various product/service providers
(Relax / Wellness /Health / Bank and Insurance/ Sports/ Restaurants /Shops) in
Slovakia,
• Recognition - Star Performer (yearly recognition for the most successful employees of GL SLovakia),
• Kudos Recognition (annual recognition drive across all bands),
• Coffee, tea and milk available daily,
• Traditional or fruit breakfast Thursdays,
• Get-togethers and team-building exercises throughout the year,
• Relax zones with game rooms. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills-Basic experience with C/C++ development.
-Knowledge of object-oriented programming paradigm on a basic level.
-Basic knowledge of SOLID principles and GoF design patterns.
-Able to work and influence in a highly cross-functional team environment, basic experience with Agile development processes (Scrum and Scaled Scrum)
-Good command of oral and written English. Advertiser Brief description of the companyGlobalLogic is a leader in digital product engineering services. We help our clients design and build innovative products, platforms and tools, and thus improve the customer digital experience in the modern world. By offering integrated solutions and combining strategic design, complex engineering, and vertical industry expertise, we help our clients imagine what’s possible and accelerate their transition into tomorrow’s digital business.
GlobalLogic headquarters in Slovakia is located in Kosice and the company also operates in Zilina and Banska Bystrica. In 2023 we plan to expand to Bratislava as another Slovak location.
The Kosice delivery center was established in June 2014. With almost 300 employees in Kosice, we work on many projects in healthcare, mobile embedded systems, telco-media, automotive and location based systems for the world’s leading companies. What makes us unique is our strong design team that gives GL a powerful competitive advantage as an IT company in the Kosice region. Kosice technical stack includes , Node.js, Embedded Linux, C++, C#, .NET, SpecFlow, React, Redux, Drupal, PHP, Symfony, GO, Python, MVC, MSSQL, AWS, iOS, Android, Win Mobile, GSM, 2G, 3G, 4G, LTE...
Zilina and Banska Bystrica delivery centers joined the GlobalLogic family in January 2016 through the biggest acquisition in the GlobalLogic history. 100+ employees work on mobile development, embedded systems, automotive and telecommunications projects for the leading companies worldwide. Zilina technical stack comprises Embedded Linux, C, C++, Qt Embedded, , NDS, LUA, GPS, IoT, M2M, Yocto, CAN, Google Tests, BitBake...
https://www.globallogic.com/sk/what-we-do-services/
GlobalLogic in Slovakia boasts talented engineers, low attrition levels, and an experienced senior management team. Artificial intelligence, future medicine and face recognition - GlobalLogic covers all these innovative technologies. What is more, they allow us to be proud of our unique machine learning projects. The delivery centers are certified in Agile Scrum methodologies and specialize in software design, architecture, and quality assurance services. GlobalLogic in Slovakia is also very active in the local IT community and is a member of two IT clusters: Kosice IT Valley and IT Cluster in Zilina.
See our career opportunities and join the GlobalLogic family today!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkXXPa_K85I Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Jaroslava ŠmelkováE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4541054 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Žilina   Pozícia: C++ Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: GlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 100 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
