Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceBackend Developer (AWS, TypeScript, Java, C#)  Можливість для людей з України
Backend Developer (AWS, TypeScript, Java, C#)Arcondis Solutions s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
2 500 - 3 300 EUR/monthThe salary indicated is a tentative estimation and the final salary will be agreed after an interview, once we find out more about your experience and skills.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking for an experienced AWS Developer responsible for making an app more scalable and reliable. The app is currently running on Google Cloud and we are looking to migrate it to AWS. You would become part of our agile team and play a key role in the migration activities and later in scaling the app further. Your role will be focused on back-end (rare front-end development).
Responsibilities:
• Understand the current application infrastructure, at a later stage, suggest changes to it.
• Help migrate the app with zero downtime to the AWS Cloud.
• Define and document best practices and strategies regarding application deployment and infrastructure maintenance.
• Set up a monitoring stack.
• Define service capacity planning strategies.
Skills/Requirements:
• University degree IT, computer science, mathematics, natural science, information technology, or engineering
• Experience with the core AWS services and TypeScript
• Experience with the serverless approaches using AWS Lambdas and ability to write Lambdas.
• Programming skills in Java/JavaScript and/or C#
• Nice to have: knowledge and experience with Node.js, React Native Employee perks, benefits• Company bonus (based on company financial results)
• Referral bonus depending on level of person referred
• Business mobile (also for private calls) and laptop
• Heath-/Dentalcare costs coverage (up to 250EUR/year)
• Allowance for foreign languages classes/sport and leisure activities (up to 200EUR/year)
• 3 sick days per calendar year
• 2 extra days off for your wedding
• Social events (team-buildings and team-dinners)
• Budget for trainings & certifications
• Monthly events in Kosice (Office)
• Home Office upon agreement (or possibility to work from our office in Kosice)
• Flexible working hours
• Become part of an established company with a start-up mindset (Self-organizing, flat hierarchy)
• Ice Hockey tickets discount (HC Kosice home games) Information about the selection processPlease submit your application in English.
Thank you for applying to Arcondis! Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Number of years of experience4 Advertiser Brief description of the companyARCONDIS is in the Top 10 of Consulting Companies in Health Care & Life Sciences in Switzerland. We are a global professional services company with an exclusive focus on the healthcare and life science industries, with their particularly demanding requirements on quality and regulatory affairs.
We have been addressing challenges and solving problems for our clients in the areas of compliance, business processes, information technology, and digital transformation since 2001.
We create value through cross-functional, sophisticated delivery methodologies and intelligent implementation.
Our clients love to work with us because of our unique skillsets, our pragmatic approach, and our will to win.
We make healthcare better.
www.arcondis.com Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Solutions ArcondisE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4539994 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, C# Programmer, Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: Arcondis Solutions s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
