Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceData Scientist (possibility of shortened work schedule 80% - 100%) 
Data Scientist (possibility of shortened work schedule 80% - 100%)
                Start your career at Zurich Insurance Company Ltd
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/monthMinimal guaranteed bottom limit. Final salary offer depends on your experience and requirements.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking for a business-oriented Data Scientist with strong R or Python programming skills to join the Zurich Integrated Benefits (ZIB) team. ZIB delivers platforms to employees of our corporate customers while supporting corporate life insurance businesses across the globe.In this role, you will:  Support delivery of data solutions for a wide range of ZIB use cases.   Be part of an entrepreneurially minded global team, which is daring to challenge the status quo,   Further develop your business skills and knowledge through close collaboration with ZIB senior business leaders while also developing technical skills by working with analytics experts.  As a Data Scientist, your main responsibilities will involve:   Support and lead delivery of key reporting and analytics projects.   Analyze business problems independently and assess right data model and technology approach of how to solve them.   Write R / Python code (and use other tools like Databricks) to ingest data, to create outputs for reporting, and to build predictive models and other analytical solutions.   Implement prototypes and POCs of data driven solutions to test feasibility and demand of proposals.   Generate insights from internal and external data sources, using a wide range of tools and methodologies.   Present findings to project members and senior stakeholders.   Work with our Data Engineering team to ensure appropriate collection and ETL of data inputs.   Work with our IT Data Engineering team to ensure IT practices and governance are applied including versioning, change tracking, documentation, and verification.   Support implementation of solutions with end users.   Employee perks, benefitsApart from minimal monthly salary offer and a yearly bonus we offer benefits package which includes:Working time benefitsPersonal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leave Monetary benefitsLife insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonusOther benefitsEdenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Company and team events, Free parking at the office building, Massages in the officeLearning/DevelopmentProfessional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP) Expected date of completion of the selection process19 April 2023 (there are still 21 more days) Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Number of years of experience2Personality requirements and skillsAs a Data Scientist, your skills and experience will ideally include:    University education (Master's degree) in financial mathematics, actuarial science, statistics, quantitative methods, Computer Science or similar.   Strong programming skills and 2+ years of experience in programming in either R or Python. Experience with both is a plus.   Strong experience with SQL, databases, and data modeling.   Experience or strong interest in using data to drive business decisions and business outcomes   Excellent written and spoken English, other European languages are a plus   An actuarial background or knowledge of the insurance industry is a plus.   Power BI or experience delivering reporting solutions is a plus   Familiarity with software developer toolkit (including Git and DevOps) is a plus   Familiarity with Microsoft Azure, including Data Factory and Databricks, is a plus   Passion to tackle real business problems and work directly with business owners   Ability to work independently, set priorities, and focus to deliver the end results   Curiosity and capability to improve technical skills.   Strong communication and influencing skills, both written and oral   Can-do attitude, with a clear focus on the end-product and user experience   Good team player  
The way we are
        We want to tell you one thing: We care for our employees.
        As a part of our team - you become the essence of our business, because you add value to everything that we do.
                Caring for well-being
                Unique career 
                Caring for communities
                Caring for development
                Cooperating and sharing
Why you will like us
we have that kind of environment that welcomes any ideas that are pushing the envelope
we work hard, but we value your work-life balance
we make the difference – the unique bottom-to-top program that motivates employees to make Zurich Insurance a better place to work
our Development weeks will help you improve your skills
        Interested already?Send CV to the companyAdvertiser Brief description of the companyZurich Insurance Company Ltd is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 55,000 employees, it provides a wide range of property and casualty, and life insurance products and services in more than 215 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations. Zurich Bratislava is a Slovakia-based Competence Center for highly specialized services in the areas of Life and non-life actuarial, risk management, business intelligence, IT application development and service management as well as insurance network. An international workforce of close to 300 colleagues is supporting Zurich’s Corporate Center and Business Units around the globe. Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Laura IlavskáE-mail: send CV
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4542033 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  20.3.2023 
    2023-03-20
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Database Analyst, Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
