Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJAVA Software Engineer - Bratislava 
JAVA Software Engineer - BratislavaPANTHEON.tech s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 200 - 5 500 EUR/monthdepending on the level of seniority  - details for all levels see below
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesPANTHEON .tech is looking for Java Software Engineers for project that involves SND technology. If this area is interesting for you, keep reading about our project below. Your job will involve working on a prototype project - on something, that no one has ever done before.PANTHEON .tech customer's application was developed to deliver intuitive and useful network applications that abstract away unnecessary complexities to efficiently manage end-customer enterprise networks. Such applications enable efficient provisioning of network services using a common set of operations regardless of underlying SDN technology, products, or network elements. This, in turn, enables customer's staff to quickly deliver requested network services compliant with architectural standards without navigating the nuances of vendor-specific network solutions or provide to the end customer the self-service function. This SDN portal solution includes firewall and switch automation that provides visibility to network and network security vendor's devices. You will make sure that telcos, data centers, or ISPs stay up-to-date on the latest technologies and in the end, contribute to a faster, more interconnected world. Employee perks, benefitsWhat extras does PANTHEON throw in?Anyone can offer you a perfect team, team buildings, LAN-parties, friendly environment  and a place to grow. (And, of course, we do offer those too.)But the real benefits? Additional days off, 100% paid sick leave, subsidized public transport, Home Office, flexible working hours (possibility to work until midnight)  and technical education, among others. Information about the selection processHow much you can earn is directly related to how much you know. Your paycheck grows with your skills. You can start as a developer and make your way up or we can hire you directly as an expert. If you are a good team leader, we can even hire you directly for this position.Here is our tentative salary ladder (gross):Java SW Developer (Junior) 1500 -1800€Java SW Engineer 1700 - 2500€Java Senior SW Engineer starting at 2300€Java Expert starting at 3000€The salary range is given in EUR. The salary is divided into a fixed and variable part (the variable part is paid in full unless the Code of Conduct is broken or work tasks are not performed).We are always searching for Engineers, which will work from either Bratislava, Banská Bystrica or Žilina! Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationITLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeJava - AdvancedMaven - SkillfulLinux - BasicPersonality requirements and skillsOn this project, we are working with the following technologies and use these principles:•	Java 11+•	Maven/Gradle•	Basic programming principles and skills (OOP, code conventions, unit testing,...)•	Work with code repositories•	UNIX/Linux, BashWe mostly work with the following Java frameworks: Spring Boot, OSGi, ServiceMix.We utilize SCRUM and communicate with customers worldwide on daily basis, English is therefore a must.Knowledge of SCRUM, Client/Server architecture and Computer Networking is a huge advantage.Clean criminal record is a must.If you find our jobs interesting and fulfill the requirements, do not hesitate to send us your CV! Advertiser Brief description of the companyPANTHEON.tech is an R&D company, primarily invested in the development of network technologies and prototype software. Our mission is to interconnect the world with new technologies and year-long expertise.  
We are primarily located in Slovakia, while most of our business is oriented on Silicon Valley. You will have a creative, but demanding job - rather than coding the same thing over and over again. Our work is not easy, which is noticeable by the requirements we place on our future employees and by the complexity of our interviewing process. 
You will get to work with renowned experts and Fortune 500 companies on building the networks of the future. We are looking forward to meeting you! Number of employees100-149 employees 
 ContactContact person: Simona OrechovskáE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4400044 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer, Systems Engineer   Spoločnosť: PANTHEON.tech s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 200 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
