Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceStudent Part-time DevOps Engineer (all genders) #work&study #java #docker #K8 
            We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle. 
Student Part-time DevOps Engineer (all genders) #work&study #java #docker #K8
Location: Bratislava
Working-Hours: Part-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            With top notch technology, we drive the realization offers the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times, and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region.We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.
            We are Erste Digital. We are #digitaltotheheart
What to do:
We are looking for students supporting us to modernize our software architecture and CI/CD toolchain for a Java based treasury application. You will evaluate leading edge technology which enables us to develop and deploy with high velocity and minimal friction. Experience with Spring Boot, GIT, Jenkins, Linux, virtualized environments, Cloud, Docker/Kubernetes is an advantage.
You will get in touch with wide range of technologies, and you will have an opportunity to learn from our experienced developers and can also bring in your own ideas that will help us to grow and improve.
You check these boxes:
Enrolled student with on-going program at University in the field of computer science/IT
Interest in new technologies and fun in “sandboxing”
Passion for teamwork and continuous learning
Already gained some experience in a modern DevOps environment
Very good command of the English language; any other CEE language is an advantage
Curious and empathetic, treating all people with respect
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Learning & Development – We are firmly convinced that every day is an opportunity for learning. Improve your know-how in workshops, seminars and through e-learning – from professional training to soft skills.
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and company time.
We offer you a varied part-time internship position. An internship salary starting up from 7€/h, depending on your skill and previous work experience is offered.
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4537995 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  14.3.2023 
    2023-03-14
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: DevOps Engineer, Frontend developer, Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 7 EUR/hour
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
