Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceExperienced React developer needed. 100% remote  
Experienced React developer needed. 100% remote Telus Agriculture & Consumer Goods
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/monthBase salary of 2000€ gross per month. Actual salary likely to be higher depending on the experience of each candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are opening a new job opportunity in our Software Development team! Come and join our team of enthusiasts and help us create a world class product!
We are currently working on development and maintenance of Web modules, creating new functionalities and changing applications from Angular and MVC to React.
As a Frontend Software Developer you will be mainly responsible for:
• Developing new user-facing features using React.js
• Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use
• Translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code
• Developing the application for responsive to different screen resolutions using Bootstrap and CSS media queries.
• Resolving complex issues related to browser and network performance, cross-browser, client-side scaling, data modeling, usability, and testability.
• Developing new user interface components for different modules using Kendo UI with various controls including Grid controls, and chart controls, etc. Employee perks, benefits•	Annual bonus in amount of 1 month salary
•	Fully covered food coupons (6.00€)
•	Support of you learning and career development - edu portals 
        access 
•	(LinkedIn Learning, Udemy), trainings and conferences based on 
•	individual needs
•	Multisport card
•	Teambuilding and sport events
•	English language courses
•	Employee referral bonus of 1700€
•	Wide range of opportunities for your career progression
•	Jubilee gift (wedding, child birth)
•	Snacks and refreshment in the office
•	Home office or fully remote work based on agreement (this is 
        optional, based on role) Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Number of years of experience2Personality requirements and skills• Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles, experience with Flux or Redux, ECMAScript - experience with Angular instead of React.js is welcomed as well
• Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc.
• Experience with HTML5, including jQuery, Bootstrap, CSS3
• Experience with SQL Server, TSQL is an advantage
• Knowledge of .NET Core is advantage, knowledge of MVC is appreciated
• Experience with Micro Services Architecture
• Active English - the selection process will be held in English and good communication skills in general
• Experience with scrum and agile development is welcomed
• Experience with coding conventions
• We are looking for a team player who is responsible and willing to help others
• 2+ years of proven experience as a React developer Advertiser Brief description of the companyTELUS Agriculture & Consumer Goods is a great place to work. You can see it in our team members. The diversity of the team and their unique contributions set us apart from the competition. Our success is based as much on our future friendly team as the innovative technology solutions we offer.
Our team members include people like you - enthusiastic, innovative, passionate and energetic. We believe that you'll find our high-performance culture personally fulfilling, professionally challenging and financially rewarding.
In Slovakia we operate under commercial name AFS Visicom Slovakia a.s. Number of employees100-149 employees ContactContact person: Simona MudrončíkováE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4199654 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.3.2023 
    2023-03-03
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Frontend developer, Javascript Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Telus Agriculture & Consumer Goods   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
