Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJAVA Developer 
JAVA DeveloperDXC Technology
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 600 - 2 500 EUR/month+ 500€ in Benefit Plus based on your choice (sport, health care, education, wellness, shops, etc.); + 80€ for your tram pass (even if you work from home); + Meal subsidy fully paid by employer, + Employee referral program/trainings/courses, etc.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesDXC has positioned itself as one of the global players in the outsourcing market. This dynamic and growing market still offers many challenging opportunities for motivated Engineers. One of the essential success factors is the availability of excellent technical solutions and professional delivery to achieve high level of customer satisfaction.
Job Description:
Do you like Java programming and would you like gain new knowledge and experiences in complex enterprise SW development?  It does not matter, whether you are intermediate or senior, join us!
DXC Technology has open multiple Java development projects and you can join one of them. You will get chance to work in stable teams with experienced colleagues and to gain next knowledge and experiences in JEE, Spring, REST, Maria DB, Mongo DB, Oracle, JDBC, SQL, Angular, Web Services. Employee perks, benefits•	Work in an international environment and 
•	IT experiences in different industries  
•	Classroom and e-learning trainings
•	Professional growth and career development
•	Competitive remuneration package Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeJava EE - AdvancedJava - AdvancedJEE2 - AdvancedAngularJS - SkillfulPersonality requirements and skills- University degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, computer engineering, Electrical engineering, Management Information Systems or equivalent experience.
- 2+ years’ experiences in Java programming on application development projects with various scale, 
- Comprehensive debugging and performance application tuning and scalable solution design
- Ability to learn quickly and on the job
- Flexible and able to take challenges and ownership
- Good analytical problem-solving skills
- Self – development, self - organization
- Innovative, enhancing and optimizing
- Experiences with JEE, Spring, REST, Maria DB, Mongo DB, Oracle, JDBC, SQL, Angular, Web Services, UX, automated testing, Android apps development are welcome514409
- Experience with CI/CD and automation tools like Jenkins, Gitlab CI/CD are welcome Advertiser Brief description of the companyWith 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most. 
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship. 
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Martina MurarovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4454484 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  2.3.2023 
    2023-03-02
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: DXC Technology   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 600 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
