Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Integration Engineer  
Voľné pracovné pozície
Profil firmy
Prečo Scheidt & Bachmann 
Kde nás nájdete
Software Integration Engineer 
Place of work: Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary: From 3 250 EUR/month
Junior from 2 100 €; Advanced from 2 650 €; Senior from 3 250 €; + variable bonus. Final salary depends on candidate´s professional experience.
Company profile
                    Scheidt & Bachmann, Mönchengladbach was founded in 1872 and today presents itself as an innovative company with a long tradition. In a total of four largely separate divisions, systems for parking and leisure centres, systems for railway signalling technology, fare collection systems, and systems for petrol stations are developed, produced and distributed. Scheidt & Bachmann Slovakia s.r.o. was established in 1995 at the initiative of Scheidt & Bachmann.  A successful cooperation with the University of Žilina also made a significant contribution to the establishment.
Fare Collection Systems
offers a wide range of products of various technical equipment according to customer requirements. This area covers modern, comprehensive fare collection systems in urban, suburban, and metropolitan transportation with ticket printing and coding machines.
We offer Perspective work in a stable company with adequate financial assessment and opportunities for personal development (soft skills and technical training, language courses). Rich social program for employees (several social events and team buildings, sport and culture possibilities). Flexible working time, additional vacation, "bridgedays". Work in international and multicultural teams (divisions in 23 countries). Possibility of international business trips.
Your responsibilitiesBring the Account-based Ticketing system into live as member of project team: Integration of software components (JEE services) delivered by multiple scrum teams, i.e. verify and ensure that the software components work properly together and provide the required business logic.  Development of automated test cases verifying the functionality of software components and integration these components into the system. Investigation and clarification of found issues. Troubleshooting.Account-based Ticketing:https://www.scheidt-bachmann.de/en/fare-collection-systems/solutions/account-based-ticketingMore information about the team:https://www.scheidt-bachmann.sk/en/fare-collection-systems/select-your-team/software-development/bratislava/
Your profile Successfully completed bachelor’s or master’s degree education in IT or electrotechnical engineering field. Experience with software testing and test automation. Experience with (any) scripting. Experience with Agile/Scrum is an advantage. Team player. Written and spoken English is a must, German is an advantage.
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4456137 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  21.3.2023 
    2023-03-21
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Tester, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Scheidt & Bachmann Slovensko s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 250 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
