Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSAP ABAP/Fiori/UI5 Developer 
SAP ABAP/Fiori/UI5 DeveloperIBM
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 500 - 4 500 EUR/monthSalary starting from 2500 - 4500 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language proficiency
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesJunior SAP ABAP/Fiori/UI5 Developer
This is an excellent opportunity to be part of a fast growing part of a dynamic International Company. We are looking for people willing to participate and travel on international implementation projects located in near region. This role assists clients in the selection, implementation, and production support of application packaged solutions into the clients' business environment in order to achieve client expected business results.
Position is opened in Bratislava, Banska Bystrica or Kosice.
What would be your responsibilities?
• Analyzing and mapping clients’ business requirements, processes and objectives.
• Successful development or maintenance of SAP implementations at international customers, including providing functional expertise, guidance, presentation, and instruction on SAP products to clients.
• Developing necessary product modifications.
• Acting as a professional team member in an international team and building strong liaison with client for troubleshooting.
• Assisting in internal activities - remote consulting, preparing training materials, teaches on-site courses.
• Developing own professional learning of SAP products and technologies.
What do you need for your success?
• Being an ABAP Developer with experience with Object Orientated Programming, classic ABAP or in Web UI/Fiori with minimum 2 years of experience.
• Experience within at least one SAP Module.
• Ability to work under minimal guidance with a can-do attitude to deliver within tight timelines without compromising  quality, performance or documentation.
• Technical skills to enable writing an application design to detail.
• Ability to communicate in a fluent manner with internal and external stakeholders.
• Ability to challenge and explore design and delivery plans and apply different approaches to arrive at the most favorable options.
• Good analytical skills and attitude to make a difference.
• Willingness to learn new technical skills.
• Willingness to travel.
What can you expect of us?
• Salary starting from 2500 - 4500 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
• Annual performance bonus payment
• Performance evaluation on regular basis
• Subsidized meal-tickets
• Flexible working time and home office
• Three additional vacation days
• Up to three self-recovery days
• 100% sick leave compensation
• Life insurance and supplementary pension savings program
• Private medical sanatorium
• Long term career development and possibility of internal rotation
• Classroom based trainings and 5000 e-learning courses – both internal and external
• Recommend-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
• MultiSport card
• Special IBM discounts Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Natalia KolembusovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4028755 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  1.3.2023 
    2023-03-01
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: ABAP Programmer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
