Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Data Scientist with MLOPS experience 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukySenior Data Scientist with MLOPS experienceADECCO Slovakia, s. r. o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Immediately
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesPurpose of the job:
The Senior Data Scientist as a member of the Record-to-Report Analytics Team of rhe company, you will be working with one of the most innovative Process Mining and Analytics solution. In this regard, you will face the following interesting tasks and challenges.
Job content:
• you will execute assigned tasks independently while bringing your own ideas, and improvement proposals, and selling them to the team and customers
• in this position, you will assume an active role in assigned projects, lead your colleagues towards professional software development practices, and keep growing your soft skills (communication with customers, team organization, etc.)
With the above in mind, your main tasks will be the following:
• you will be responsible for the technical part of your projects which include designing & implementing prototypes of innovative applications in Python - your focus will be on Time Series Forecasting
• you will be helping to identify possible use and application cases of data science across the company
• you will be in search of optimizing the business and business processes with the power of data
• you will cooperate with business (regular meetings and calls with internal customers regarding their needs), so the ability to explain technical specifics to business colleagues is a crucial part of this job
• you will work with a variety of data science-related tools
• you will actively take part and contribute to customer workshops Employee perks, benefits• Annual bonus
• Fully paid meal vouchers
• Phone and notebook for personal use
• Discounts for selected products of the comapny
• Supplementary pension saving contribution
• Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
• Personal days
• Sports club & Health days
• Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
• Opportunities for career growth
• Referral program
• Flexible working time
• Benefits for parents (contribution at the child´s birth, mobile phone during maternity leave) Information about the selection processThis position is being filled for our major client.Company on whose behalf the position is being filledTelecommunicationsAn international telecommunication company. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Personality requirements and skills•Fluent English, ideally also Slovak and/or German
•MSc in Computer Science (with ML/AI) or related is a plus but not a requirement
•Solid ML/AI skills. The focus will be on Time Series Forecasting; however, the team also works on other fields of ML/AI
•Experience in implementing ML/AI solutions end to end. We are looking for a new colleague that is not only able to provide an EDA and a successful POC, but also a solid MVP that is deployed into a production environment
•Experience in MLOps: model registry tools (e.g., MLflow), data versioning tools (e.g., git), database usage (SQL, Postgres), and cloud-based technologies (MS Azure) is highly valuable
•Python is our programming language of choice. You must be not only comfortable with working in Python but also have some experience with OOP, modular design, unit testing, and best coding practices
•You are aware of and willing to apply agile methodology (esp. Scrum)
•Versatile and proactive. You may not be familiar with all the required skills, but if you are motivated and can adapt rapidly, we are happy to help you (e.g., you have extensive knowledge in ML/AI but little in forecasting)
•You enjoy working in the team and are willing to help more junior colleagues, are open to an international environment, and be able to travel occasionally within Europe
•You are strong in communication with clients and explaining technical stuff to non-technical people
•You are an analytical thinker, have an affinity for structure, grasp things fast and work systematically Advertiser Brief description of the companyThe Adecco Group is the world’s leading HR solutions partner. We provide more than 700,000 people with permanent and flexible employment every day. With more than 33,000 employees in 60 countries, we transform the world of work one job at a time. Our colleagues serve more than 100,000 organizations with the talent, HR services and cutting-edge technology they need to succeed in an ever-changing global economy. As a Fortune Global 500 company, we lead by example, creating shared value that meets social needs while driving business innovation. Our culture of inclusivity, fairness and teamwork empowers individuals and organizations, fuels economies, and builds better societies.  We make the future work for everyone. Number of employees50-99 employees 
ID: 4527667 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  27.2.2023 
    2023-02-27
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: ADECCO Slovakia, s. r. o.   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
