Jobs by email
hauck GmbH + Co. KG
BI Engineer and Product Owner (m/f/d)
Sonnefeld
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 hours ago
Show salary
Save
Die Firma hauck ist im Babyfieber und das seit 1923!
Our Group consists of the B2C platform Babyartikel.de (KP-Family) in Aschheim and the B2B business EURET, as well as the now 100-year-old product brand Hauck, located in Sonnefeld. In total, the group consists of 300 employees who are looking forward to welcoming you to our team.
The Hauck & KP Family Group is seeking a highly skilled and experienced BI Engineer and Product Owner to join our growing team. As the Product Owner BI, you will take ownership of our group-wide BI systems (Data Virtuality & PowerBI). You will be responsible for designing, developing and implementing business intelligence solutions to support decision-making processes across the organization. Our group companies are located in Aschheim (Germany), Sonnefed (Germany), Hongkong, and in the US. This role will require hands-on operational strength, with a deep understanding of data, the latest technological trends and their application in a business context.
BI Engineer and Product Owner (m/f/d)
Your Tasks
Design, develop, and maintain our data warehousing and business intelligence solutions.
Develop complex SQL scripts and procedures to extract and manipulate data within Data Virtuality.
Implement data models and provide data governance to ensure data accuracy, completeness and consistency.
Implement the concept of data as a product (data mesh).
Design and develop reports and dashboards using PowerBI to provide meaningful insights into data.
Create insights for our Online-Shop Tech Team (babyartikel.de) by combining Google Analytics data with external sources (e.g. Facebook Conversion API, Amazon APIs) and internal data (e.g. ERP or PIM).
Extend our Amazon Management Dashboards.
Create and provide a descriptive data dictionary to the organization.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand business requirements and turn them into actionable insights.
Create data visualization dashboards that present insights in a user-friendly and interactive manner.
Ensure the performance, security and scalability of the data warehousing and business intelligence systems.
Your Profile
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
3+ years of experience in data warehousing, business intelligence and SQL programming.
Experience in extraction, aggregation and manipulation of data in platforms such as Data Virtuality or Snowflake.
Strong experience with PowerBI and data visualization techniques.
Proficiency in writing complex SQL scripts and procedures.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in German and English.
Experience working in Agile development environments is a plus.
We Offer
Flexible Working Hours
Further training opportunities
Language courses or individual specialized courses
Employee Discount
mobile working
Health promotion
Healthdays, Discounts on gyms, massages and more
open Feedback culture
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
hauck GmbH + Co. KG
96242 Sonnefeld, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Company medical officer
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.