Jobs by email
KYMATI GmbH
Embedded Software Developer for Radar Sensors (m/f/d)
Grasbrunn bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
About Kymati
KYMATI GmbH, with its headquarters in Munich (Grasbrunn), Germany, boasts a very international team of exceptionally qualified radar experts in product design as well as in international technology marketing. The company works with integration partners, OEMs and end customers on six continents, to provide new, innovative and cost efficient radar sensor solutions. Significant growth in our core business segments requires that we expand our team with highly motivated and capable individuals.
We are currently looking for an experienced Embedded Software developer for Radar Sensors (m/f/d) with profound knowledge in the programming languages C, C++ and Python. If you ever had experience in radar technology and embedded software development, you could be the perfect fit to support our technical team.
Join in and create the future of radar technology with us.
Your Responsibilities
Monitoring and supporting development of our radar sensors.
Designing and implementing software for embedded devices, from the beginning to the end.
Testing and debugging issues related in either embedded devices, or radar sensors or on higher level programming languages.
Development and maintenance of software modules, especially the extension of our APIs within the firmware and to external systems.
Close coordination of own work within the team.
Implementing customer requirements with respect to hardware/software interfaces.
Implementing radar algorithms on embedded Hardware.
Mentoring colleagues in software related topics.
Your Profile
Required Technical Skills:
Successfully completed technical studies in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.
In-depth knowledge of software engineering.
Very good knowledge of the programming languages C, C++, and Python.
Highly Desirable Technical Skills:
Solid experience of embedded systems development within commercial development environment.
5+ years’ experience in (industrial) network protocols.
Experience on communication protocols e.g. I2C, SPI, etc.
Knowledge of radar sensors and an understanding of the radar technology is required.
Experience in efficient implementation of numerical algorithms.
CI/CD Experience are beneficial.
IT Infrastructure knowledge is a plus.
Required Soft Skills:
Positive work attitude, flexibility and excellent team spirit.
Fluent English skills. Knowledge of German is a plus.
Always eager to learn and improve.
What makes Kymati stands out as employer
Be part of an experienced, open and international team that supports each other, achieves and celebrates goals together.
English is our company language.
Flat hierarchies, open communication and short decision-making paths.
Flexible working hours (flextime) and mobile working supported if tasks allow.
Perspectives for personal and professional development.
Operational health management.
Sunny roof terrace at the gates of Munich.
Free snacks, coffee, tea and mineral water
A kicker table (soccer) & table tennis for the breaks in between.
Regular informal team events (digital and analogue), e.g. BBQ, Weißwurst breakfast, sports events, Oktoberfest visit, online Escape Games, Advent party and much more.
Varied, subsidised canteen as well as supermarket and different take aways nearby.
S-Bahn nearby (S4/S6 – stop Vaterstetten).
Free parking spaces in the parking garage.
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
KYMATI GmbH
Am Hochacker 5, 85630 Grasbrunn bei München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.