Jobs by email
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
Function / Software developer - OBD infrastructure (m/f/d)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Vitesco Technologies is a leading international developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art powertrain technologies for sustainable mobility. With smart system solutions and components for electric, hybrid and internal combustion vehicles, Vitesco Technologies makes mobility clean, efficient and affordable. The product range includes electric drives, electronic control units, sensors and actuators, and exhaust-gas aftertreatment solutions. In 2020, Vitesco Technologies recorded sales of EUR 8 billion and employs almost 40,000 people at around 50 locations worldwide. Vitesco Technologies is headquartered in Regensburg, Germany.
Your tasks
As Function/Software developer - OBD infrastructure (m/f/d), you are responsible in your project for system definition and the compilation of the technical requirements of future control units (for hybrid and pure electric vehicles) in the area of on-board diagnosis (OBD) - especially for the topics of error memory, OBD communication, fault reaction management and OBD-infrastructure system testing.
Your new responsibilities:
Configuration and validation of the OBD-infrastructure system using modern development tools, software/hardware-in-the-loop test benches and on test vehicles
Responsibility for the topics fault memory, OBD communication, and fault response management
Representation of our company in all relevant issues towards the customer
Representation and negotiation of results of your development projects
Coordination of new customer requirements within the internal development units
Scheduling, agreeing and follow-up both internally and with the customer
Your profile
Completed studies in computer science, physics, electrical engineering, communications engineering, control-technology engineering, or comparable education
Long term professional experience in the field of diagnostics/OBD
Long term experience in the area of fault memory and OBD communication
Basic knowledge of the C programming language and its typical use in the automotive environment (e.g. MISRA) is a plus
Fluent English and intermediate German skills written and spoken
Result- and customer-oriented, responsible working style
Planning and organizational skills and ability to work in a team
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.