Jobs by email
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
Senior Machine Learning Engineer (m/f/d)
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The ALDI Nord group of companies is one of the leading food retailers. For over 100 years, ALDI has stood for the creation of the discount principle. Our mission is to provide people everywhere and anytime with their daily essentials: quality products at low prices - simply and quickly. This also includes making shopping as easy as possible for our customers. That's why we give our best every day and reinvent ourselves time and again. Combined talent and commitment - that is the POWER behind our success stories. Across Europe in 9 countries with more than 5,600 stores and more than 86,000 employees. We are: Simply ALDI. Powered by people.
Your tasks
Develop and industrialize complex data analytics products for various use cases.
Support the creation and optimization of data analytics and ML models from idea to production
Optimize and document experiments, models, and KPIs in modern framework
Establish and further develop our ML platform for Data Scientists to enable them to explore and build models collaboratively using Databricks and other Azure services
Collaborate with Data Scientists, Data Engineers and Architects to jointly advance and shape the future of our analytics platform
Assume a mentoring role in complex machine learning projects spanning over different business units
Your profile
Strong experience (5+ years) in the application of state-of-the-art data science and machine learning solutions using e.g., Python, PySpark, SparkML, TensorFlow and managing model life cycle (MLflow)
Strong experience (5+ years), can-do personality and professional attitude for software development methodology using automated testing, code reviews, continuous integration, and deployment as well as operations
Experience (1+ years) in infrastructure-as-code and operations automations with tools like terraform using one of the three hyperscalers: Azure (preferably), AWS, GCP
Experience (2+ years) in managing Data Science and ML projects end to end, including stakeholder management and technical delivery
Experience with agile software development (methods and processes)
Very good written and spoken English and preferably German skills
Successfully completed studies in the fields of mathematics, computer science, physics, business informatics or a comparable qualification
Your benefits
A secure job at the No. 1 in discounting
An open working atmosphere in which we value your opinion
Flexible working hours and the possibility of partial mobile working
A new office campus with a day care centre, gym, innovative gastronomic concept, parking garage, ...
A varied and challenging job with a lot of creative freedom
A high-performance and pleasant working environment in a motivated and dynamic team that is looking forward to you!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
45307 Essen, Deutschland