Jobs by email
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
FI Business Consultant (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Tomorrow is our home.
Find out how you can enjoy, grow and perform at BSH Home Appliances Group: As a leading manufacturer of home appliances and solutions, we encourage commitment and open-mindedness among our employees. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff as well as our local brands, our focus truly is on innovation. And that doesn’t just apply to our products and services, but also drives the way in which we cooperate, exchange ideas and organize our teams. Everyone is invited to make their individual contribution to our overall success. Join us now and give your career a home.
FI Business Consultant (m/f/d)
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Full time / Part time |
Munich
Your responsibilities
You will be working in an exciting, international environment and contributing personally to the company’s success. Challenging tasks and projects await you, such as
Consult business to continuously improve and adopt the global business enhancement for financial accounting processes and interfaces
Management of development, maintenance and enhancement of incoming and outgoing payments in SAP Financial (e.g. SWIFT interface)
Responsible for one or more end-to-end (E2E) processes in SAP FI, e.g. purchase-to-pay, order-to-cash, banks, asset accounting
Customizing in SAP R/3 and SAP S/4 HANA Systems for the FI changes requested by the business departments
Coordination and implementation of complex business requirements within SAP (R/3 and S/4 HANA) and further subsystem
Your profile
Completed studies in business administration or several years of professional experience in SAP FI application (R/3 or S/4 HANA)
SAP knowledge in Intercompany Reconciliation (ICR), In-House Bank (IHB) and Treasury as well as in SAP GL, AP, AR, AA and FSCM
Good analytical problem solving skills
Good Communication skills, both verbal and written
Fluent English skills and advanced German skills required
Your benefits
Flexible working time schemes and mobile working
Individual development programs
International perspectives and diverse career opportunities
Attractive, employer-funded company pension plan
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Carl-Wery-Str. 34, 81739 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates