Jobs by email
ETAS
Internship Full Stack Web Development with Angular 10 with WASM, C++/Rust
Stuttgart
Internship
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to ETAS
Founded in 1994, ETAS GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Robert Bosch GmbH with international sales offices in Europe, North and South America, and Asia. ETAS' portfolio includes vehicle basic software, middleware, and development tools for the realization of software-defined vehicles. „Empowering Tomorrow’s Automotive Software“ – all our product solutions and services are focused on this to enable vehicle manufacturers and suppliers to develop and operate software-defined vehicles with increased efficiency. Holistic cybersecurity solutions in the automotive sector are offered via the ESCRYPT brand.
The ETAS GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As an Angular and WASM developer, you will be responsible for the studying system requirements, design and develop system integration and acceptance tests.
You will develop simulators/mocks/stubs to mimic the certain system components.
You will also develop extensions to the test automation framework and analytics.
Last but not least, you will support implementing continuous testing and reporting alongside test automation.
Your profile
Master studies in the field of Software Engineering or Computer Science
Aware of Software development life cycles, object-oriented software development and software testing techniques
Hands-on Angular 9, Type Script, Java Script
C++ knowledge is required
Rust language with WASM preferred, but should be willing to learn and use them in development
3 years of industry experience in Angular/JavaScript is desirable
Good knowledge of HTML, CSS, XML, JSON, Rest
Good knowledge in Web Application design and User Experience
Quality oriented mindset and believe in good documentation
Independent and systematic way of working
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ETAS
Borsigstraße 24, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -