Jobs by email
IGEL Technology GmbH
Java Developer (m/f/d)
Augsburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 hours ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Work is now defined by what we do, not where we go. The widely distributed workforce is here to stay. 
IGEL allows workers to thrive, regardless of the environment, while organizations retain full management, control, and security of user endpoints. IGEL secures and simplifies digital workspaces in healthcare, finance, retail, higher education, government, and manufacturing organizations around the world. All we’re missing is: YOU. 
Ihre Aufgaben
Together with 100+ partners such as Citrix, VMWare, Microsoft or Amazon, we enable a wide range of Virtual Desktop Infrastructure and Desktop as a Service applications. In doing so, we exploit the full power of the endpoints and offer our customers a secure platform.
As a software developer (m/f/d), you will work on the entire software development process and the development of various back-end and front-end applications. You support the conception, design and architecture of new software components or upcoming refactorings. In order to expand further and strengthen our market position, we are looking for a Software Developer Java at one of our locations in Augsburg, Bremen, Karlsruhe or remote with immediate effect.
Ihr Profil
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in computer science, mathematics or a related field is preferred, or relevant professional experience with qualified technical training
Mastery of Object-oriented programming (Java)
Experience with common development tools (Intellij IDEA, Maven, Git)
Good knowledge of Spring (Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Testing) and JPA
Knowledge of web technologies (Angular, TypeScript), cloud technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) and databases is an advantage
Development of high quality code is important to you
Continuous Integration and Build & Release Management are not foreign words to you
You like to collaborate with your colleagues toward a common goal
You are able to grasp complex interrelations and independently develop content
Wir bieten
 A thorough induction into the company and our products
A workplace run on trust, empowerment, and feedback with a positive, inspiring working atmosphere
Competitive salary and great IT equipment
Individual further training opportunities for your career
Flexible working times, so that you can combine your demanding work with your private goals and requirements.
Free beverages and fruits, diverse sports offerings, co-financed company pension plan and much more benefits
Light-flooded and ultra-modern new offices in Bremen, Augsburg and Karlsruhe
A highly motivated team that is already looking forward to your support and to developing strategies and achieving common goals together with you
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
IGEL Technology GmbH
Melli-Beese-Straße 3, 86159 Augsburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.