Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Test Engineer (f/m/d) eMobility
Essen, Hannover, München, Würzburg, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
E.ON Digital Technology (EDT) manages and implements with around 2,200 employees the digital transformation of E.ON. EDT is headquartered in Hanover, Germany and is internationally present across all E.ON locations.
E.ON is one of the strongest operators of European energy networks and energy-related infrastructure, as well as a provider of advanced customer solutions for more than 50 million customers. With a total of over 75,000 employees we are represented in 15 countries. By focusing on two sustainable growth areas and with the acquisition of innogy, we are ideally positioned to drive the energy transition in Germany and Europe.
At E.ON diversity matters. We welcome all people and are convinced that differences make us stronger. Become part of our inclusive and diverse company culture! We want the job to fit your life situation. Therefore, you can choose to apply in full or part-time.
We are looking for a Test Engineer (f/m/d) eMobility to join our New Business team.
Your task
Responsibilities
Selecting suitable and efficient test strategies for the verification and validation of new products and solutions in the eMobility eco system
You are responsible for the creation of and methods for end-to-end test cases to ensure successful releases
Designing and coordinating test activities in close collaboration with the development teams
Working closely together with the development teams in an agile environment
You review testing products and check the test specifications for content and testability, as well as the executed tests for plausibility and completeness
You support the analysis and follow-up of test results with the developers and/or system architects
You create test reports for discussions with relevant stakeholders
Your profile
Qualifications
University degree in Computer Science or extensive work experience in related field
Profound knowledge in test management and test automation
Very good analytical skills and problem-solving skills
High level of creativity and flexibility
Strong team player (m/f/d) with the ability to work with diverse groups of people in a productive manner
Proficiency in written and spoken English
Willingness to travel approx. once per month
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.