Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
MBUX UI Performance Engineer (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 weeks ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V592
Aufgaben
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission
You will contribute to the development and integration of our first-in-class in-vehicle infotainment system MBUX. You are part of the UI enabler team tasked with bringing the MBUX UI to the latest and greatest hardware. As the UI enablement team we are responsible for ensuring that the UI that runs on all HW variants; our team gets all the latest gadgets, e.g., the different peripherals, screens and input devices before anyone else—and we do the initial bring-up of this new HW.
We are searching for an experienced senior engineer who will be responsible for performance optimization in the UI and graphics layer of all displays in the vehicle. You should be comfortable working in large and long-running codebases and eager to dig through complex internals to squeeze every last frame out of the hardware. You will discuss your results and optimization proposals with the architecture team to work out specific optimization tasks for other developers.
We are using Yocto, Qt and C++, therefore strong experience with these technologies is required. You should be familiar with CPU, GPU and memory profiling for UI applications under Linux. A perfect candidate will have experience with embedded systems on top.
Sneak preview of your future tasks
Tasks:
Performance analysis of graphical applications within vehicle head unit and instrument cluster
Deduce specific improvement potentials based on the result of your analysis
Communicate proposals and tasks to teams and developers
Measure the success of the proposed improvements
Work with CI/CD to define automated tests
Documentation in English and/or German
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Experience:
Very strong Qt / C++ experience (you should have worked in a big Qt project) 
Strong QML experience 
Experience with embedded hardware
Profiling with LTTNG or similar system-level tools
Debugging
Common UNIX tools: ssh / shell / Linux / vi / git / adb
Common Software Development support tools: Confluence / JIRA
Personal skills:
Excellent communication and people skills
Excellent coaching, facilitation, and training skills
Very good organizational skills
Assertiveness and a well-structured way of working
Language skills:
Proficient in English. German is a plus
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building facing the Spree (Berlin Headquarter)
Remote work possible (for legal reasons only inside Germany)
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee and fruits, and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application proces
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.