Jobs by email
CBX Software GmbH
CBX Software Consultant (m/f/d) Retail Solutions
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Company Background
We are a fast-moving Company that acts like a Silicon Valley start-up providing innovative cloud solutions at the cutting edge in the worldwide retail market for 25 Years. As a global market leader CBX is focused on Pri­vate Label Product Lifecycle Manage­ment (PLM) and Supply Chain compression with our offi­ces based in Munich (European HQ), London, Man­ches­ter San Diego, Boston, Taipei, Zhuhai, Shanghai, and our HQ in Hong Kong.
We empower global retailers, brands, and trading companies, that are focused on expan­ding their priva­te label merchandise assort­ments and scaling direct sourcing, to digitize, automate, standardize the entire process from concept of a product all the way long to delivery. CBX Software supports its users to work with speed, scale, and sus­tain­ability during their entire Product Life Cycle Management Process (PLM).
CBX Software - Consultant, Retail Solutions
Our Offer
Hybrid working model (Remote/-Home and Company Office) with a base in city center of Munich provides you healthy work-life balance
Enjoy the digital excellence in our inter­national team in one of the fastest grow­ing industries
Exciting tasks and career path in an innovative and a fast-grow­ing software company
Personal influence on the organization of own work processes and flat hierarchies
Outstanding individual development possi­bilities for your future career path
Company sponsored extended education and training pro­grams
Team events and a pleasant working atmos­phere
A modern management style with a lot of free­dom, a competent and super collegial team of experts, transparency and excellent team spirit
Central location of the company site
Above-average, performance-adjusted salary and targeted bonuses/compen­sation
30 days of paid annual leave
Your Tasks
Due to our strong growth, we are looking for an ambiti­ous Consultant (f/m/d) with an interest and/or knowled­ge in Retail PLM business espe­cially the supply chain process. In this role you understand people, customers and technology. The position is an exciting role with a growth path to your career within an international team.
The Consultant is a key member of a highly collabo­rative team and will see themselves not only delivering on the important milestones and to support the client’s needs to achieve their major goals, but even more contributing to the vision and strategy of the company that are critical to long-term success.
More specifically:
Work closely together with an international team (UK, US, CN, HK & TW) and explore culture difference and advantages to serve our customer in the most efficient best qualitative way.
Explore and define our customer process, support installation/roll outs, be a part of operating proce­dure, and user/trainer trainings; with a continues support of our client to upskill them in the new digital way of working.
Work with client and project manager to specify detailed workflows on current “as-is” and provide best practice input in the definition of proposed “to-be” process(s) based on the CBX PLM solution approach
Learn how to prepare detailed specifi­cations (including business logics, use cases, data model, integration formats) for our developer.
Your Qualification
BA/BS degree or similar knowledge
Interest in the PLM Processes and Supply Chain in Retail world
2+ years of business/working experience after university
Interested and/or knowledge on technical topics
Understanding of SQL would be a plus
Experience in enterprise systems imple­mentation in retail, consumer products businesses, supply chain would be a plus
Good communication and presentation skills
Good verbal and written communication skills in English and German.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environ­ment
A true passion for delivering a 'best-in-class' Customer experience
Good analytical, inquisitive, and problem-solving skills
Good organizational and time manage­ment skills
Familiar with agile methodology is a plus
CBX Software is committed to creating and maintaining a diverse and inclusive space where our employees can thrive. We welcome all persons in to the CBX family, embracing the diversity of racial and ethnic identity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, family status, disability, gender identity and any other protec­ted status.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
CBX Software GmbH
80687 München, Deutschland