Jobs by email
Brunel GmbH
Senior Fullstack Developer (w/m/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Do you want to take the next step up in your career? Brunel gives you the chance to continually develop and improve with big-name clients across a broad variety of industries. Take that crucial career step today: Apply to join Brunel as a/an Senior Fullstack Developer.
Deine Verantwortungen
design, develop, test, deploy, monitor and improve software across the stack.
lead project priorities, deadlines, and results.
troubleshoot and debug application issues.
work with the Product Lead to grow and extend our market presence.
Dein Profil
you have a Bachelor’s degree in computer science or similar
you have at least 4 years of Software Engineering experience.
you have strong software engineering skills and experience working with Next.js, Javascript, Python or similar languages and technologies.
you have developed Cloud based solutions in the past.
you have experience in designing, building, and maintaining RESTful services.
you feel comfortable within a fast-paced, collaborative environment inside a corporate startup.
you enjoy problem solving in a dynamic and creative environment where you can work hands on and show your self-starter mentality.
Unser Angebot
Brunel's corporate culture is shaped by the diversity of our people and a commitment to mutual respect between colleagues on every level of the company. That includes a varied program of social get-togethers with your team but also regular feedback sessions with your manager to discuss the challenges you face and your prospects for the future. Personally, tailored training and development create ideal conditions to improve your skills and prepare yourself for future projects. At Brunel: permanent contracts, 30 days' leave, flexible working hours and employer-funded company pension programs are business as usual.
Interessiert?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Brunel GmbH
München, Deutschland