Jobs by email
Hexagon Geosystems Services AG
Senior Embedded Linux C++ Developer (m/f/d)
Zürich
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
About Us
Hexagon is a leading provider of digital reality solutions and employs more than 24,000 people in 50 countries. You will be part of a strong, experienced, inspiring and motivated team of experts driving the future of Hexagon. You will use and develop your skills in our highly innovative and diverse environment.
Flexible working models allow you to ideally combine work and private interests.
Committed and with passion for precision we create digital reality solutions combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies to empower a sustainable future.
Around the globe, customers from all industries rely on our smart technologies. You want to support us in engineering and implementing powerful software without losing track of your target but always staying cool? Join our team and make your visions come true!
This appeals to you
Being part of a small, lean and cross-functional team
Developing easy-to-use, reliable products
Contributing to the development of disruptive products (like BLK360, BLK2GO, BLK2FLY)
This is you
Experience with modern C++ development & software design is required
High familiarity with cross-compilation for ARM aarch64 target platforms running Linux is a must
High familiarity with Git and common build tools is a must
Experience with sensor integration and knowledge about common interfaces (UART, SPI, I2C, MIPI, Ethernet...) is a must
Prior experience in collaboration with electronic design & bring-up activities is very welcome
Knowledge about scripting languages like Python or Matlab/Octave is a plus.
Familiarity with CI infrastructure (Jenkins, Gitlab) and Docker is a plus.
Knowledge about STM microcontrollers is a plus.
Knowledge about PTP is a plus
English as a working language is a must
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Hexagon Geosystems Services AG
Räffelstrasse 28, 8045 Zürich, Schweiz
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.