Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
6G Cellular Platform Architect
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish! Smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here.
Are you ready to be part of a team transforming wireless technology? Come and work on challenges that no one has solved yet! We invite you to join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product.
Description
As a Cellular Platform Architect, you will drive and coordinate the design and modeling of a 6G reference architecture. In that role you will plan, drive, and actively participate in related modeling and prototyping activities. You will collaborate cross-functionally with research and development teams to assess 6G technology candidates.
A deep understanding of wireless systems, network architectures, and user applications and services is required. Experience with technical planning and leading cross-functional system programs, building prototypes, and co-operating with internal and external partners is highly desired.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Deep and broad experience and knowledge of information theoretical aspects and wireless communications technologies, spanning from source coding to physical layer.
Demonstrated experience in several of the following areas: integrated sensing and communications; peer-to-peer communications; applying AI/ML techniques to specific wireless problem statements; creating system abstractions and simplifications that allow rapid validation of research hypotheses.
Deep technical expertise in at least one of the following areas: wireless modem design; cellular and wireless networks; wireless product design and prototyping; performance optimization in wireless networks; AI-driven wireless modem and system design.
Excellent communication and leadership skills. Experience in leading multi-disciplinary engineering teams by technical expertise.
Education and Experience
Master’s or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent with 10+ years of work experience.
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €