Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Consultant for Process & Performance Excellence
Ludwigsburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 17 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch.IO GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Ludwigsburg
Your tasks
You will be leading Agile process management and ensuring its further development, considering dynamic organizational needs. 
You will be shaping the process harmonization of Bosch Digital with the support of experts and international editorial-teams, to achieve highest customer and operational value.
You will be consulting process owners for process releases, tracking appropriate measures, and also reviewing their effectiveness (seamless PDCA).
You will be creating methods and reports to manage stakeholder expectations and thus foster data-driven decision making. 
You will be working together with other divisional or central specialists (e.g.: M Level), in order to ensure continuous improvements relevant to internal or external process management needs.
You are an important partner of a performing team and will always have a chance to support other Q. relevant tasks on demand.
Your profile
Education: Degree in Engineering or Business Economics (MBA is a plus)
Personality: Flexibility, resilient and strong team-player across different international and multicultural stakeholders, with a distinctive sense of responsibility, customer orientation and a high level of social competence. Furthermore, excellent communication skills with a confident attitude on different management levels and cross-functional. Process-oriented way of thinking paired with a strong analytical approach.
Working practice: Several years of professional experience in the field of business process management and IT tools for management systems (e.g.: Signavio) including common process documentation standards. 
Experience and Knowledge: In software processes, Agile principles, preferably in Bosch directives and ISO Standards (i.e. ISO 9001 &/ ISO 20000). 
Qualification (e.g. certificates): Quality Manager (e.g. EOQ), QMB, ISO Auditor and/or PMI Certification desirable.
Enthusiasm: “We are Bosch - We are Digitals” – We are looking for people enthusiast for Digital and open for new solutions and paths. You are ready to embrace the challenge and grow together with us… 
Languages: Fluent in spoken and written German and English.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Groenerstraße 5, 71636 Ludwigsburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.