Jobs by email
Continental AG
Fleet System Product Owner (m/f/d)
Hannover
Full Time
Published: 3 hours ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Unternehmensbeschreibung
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
With its premium portfolio in the car, truck, bus, two-wheel and specialty tire segment, the Tires group sector stands for innovative solutions in tire technology. Intelligent products and services related to tires and the promotion of sustainability complete the product portfolio. For specialist dealers and fleet management, Tires offers digital tire monitoring and tire management systems, in addition to other services, with the aim of keeping fleets mobile and increasing their efficiency. With its tires, Continental makes a significant contribution to safe, efficient and environmentally friendly mobility.
ContiTrade is the strategic retail arm of the Continental Tire business in Europe. It’s business purpose is to facilitate access to the respective markets & leverage Trade opportunities in Europe, the Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The scope of the ContiTrade business ranges from selling tires to complete fleet management via tires, tire services and vehicle services, through approximately 600 equity stores and 2,300 franchise and network partners. The business scope includes sales to end consumers, business and fleet customers, wholesale and as a service partner to Continental, as well as other major tire brands. This is done physically in branches and on the road, as well as through e-commerce platforms.
Stellenbeschreibung
The relevant fleet system is FleetPartner – the web-based application of the Continental trade organization “ContiTrade” in the EMEA economic area with more than 2.000 branches and additionally approx. 3.000 independent service partners. With its automated and electronic order authorization and invoicing processes for our fleet customers, FleetPartner helps make internal and external processes much more efficient.
In your role as Central Product Owner, you will ensure optimal fulfillment of the requirements of our fleet customers, of the ContiTrade companies and their trade partners about our FleetPartner system, in order to:
Improve retention of existing customers and acquire new customers
Increase the efficiency of our internal and external authorization and invoicing processes
Improve the data quality to reduce the number of complaints at manual processes
Your primary tasks will include
Further development of the FleetPartner system in close coordination with the overall strategy, the stakeholders and budgets
Supporting the operational day-to-day business of the ContiTrade companies via 2nd level support
Supervision of the international Best Practice Teams comprising local FleetPartner key users to scale up standardization while taking local interests into account
Implementation of FleetPartner in ContiTrade companies including training, testing and roll-out support
Development and introduction of analyses, reports and key performance indicators for the professional management of FleetPartner
Qualifikationen
Graduate (university, technical college) in economics, business information technology or comparable discipline
IT affinity, especially for web applications
At least three years vocational experience, ideally in an international environment
Preferable experience in automotive service business
Very good project and process management knowledge
Ideally, experience in working with the ContiTrade inventory management system (DiDaC) and DataWareHouse
Excellent communication skills
Independent and structured approach to work
Competent partner for ContiTrade companies and other stakeholders
Ability to think analytically and logically
Fluent English and good German language skills (written and spoken)
Willingness to travel (approx. 20%)
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Sie wollen mit uns Gas geben? Starten Sie durch und bewerben Sie sich jetzt!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße 25, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -