Jobs by email
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH
Solution Architect (m/f/d) SAP Technology
Remscheid
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
The Vaillant Group is a global market and technology leader in the fields of heating, ventilation and air-conditioning technology.
Join our team of 16,000 colleagues from more than 70 countries who work every day for a better climate – for people at home and the environment. We work on large-scale, innovative and strategic projects. With small, everyday gestures so that we can all play our part. Act globally, work globally. And become part of a global team. We sell our products in around 60 countries, using ten production and development sites in six European countries as well as China.
Working for us makes you responsible for the future – your own, and that of our planet. We can offer you excellent conditions.
Solution Architect (m/f/d) SAP Technology
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH | Remscheid | Germany
WHAT YOU WILL DO
As a Solution Architect (m/f/d) you will be responsible for architecture consulting and sub-project management within SAP S/4HANA and SAP-HANA/Cloud-Platform projects
Your main tasks include the design of modern heterogeneous system landscapes with a focus on SAP
You will support integration and implementation projects with the following technologies, among others: SAP S/4HANA and SAP Cloud solutions
In addition, you will evaluate new SAP technologies and perform proofs of concept (POC)
WHAT YOU BRING ALONG
You have successfully completed your studies in (business) informatics, mathematics, economics or a comparable qualification and have the necessary tools of the trade
Ideally, you have several years of practical experience with SAP technologies and architectures
You are familiar with current agile working methods and architecture frameworks (e.g. TOGAF), use corresponding tools (e.g. LeanIX, EA) and are willing to work in this environment
Due to your fluent English and your open and trustworthy personality, you communicate confidently on all levels; German is an advantage
You round off your profile with strong communication skills and the ability to work in a team, combined with a high degree of initiative and implementation skills
You are willing to travel (approx. 20%)
WHAT WE OFFER
A good work-life balance is very important to us. Each employee organizes his or her home office and office days in coordination with his or her team. In this way, family and career can be flexibly coordinated
Our canteen and company health management are a matter of course for us (sports offers, fitness courses, company doctor)
Our electric charging stations are available to all our employees with electric cars
Constant learning opportunities for both technical and personal growth through a range of workshops, seminars, events, and e-learnings
We offer up to 70% remote work. In addition, our employees can work from a country of the European Union for up to 30 days a year
CONTACT
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH
Menninghauser Str. 15, 42859 Remscheid, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.