Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Cellular Systems Analyst, WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Apple engineers have always focused on one person when they build software — the person who will use it. Working with them, you’ll see why every Apple product and service feels intuitive and simple, and why every aspect of this group’s work is built around a respect for the customer’s needs.
Join the "Wireless Technology and Eco-system (WTE)” organisation and be part of an outstanding team of engineers to drive innovation and to develop products used by millions worldwide. The people you will work with have reinvented and defined entire industries with our products and services. The same real passion for innovation also applies to our business practices - strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it.
Cellular System Analysis team is looking for an engineer to extend its analyses capabilities with focus on lower layers (Firmware/RF) of cellular products.
Description
Cellular System Analysis team is strives to achieve to optimise the performance for the next generation of Apple wireless products. We're looking for a system analysis engineer with long experience in cellular modem technologies.
You will be responsible for analysing and debugging functional and performance issues which are found during internal and external testing activities and during certification. To be successful you'll analyse issues and drive root cause analysis across development and test teams. Key will be very good knowledge of lower layers (e.g. Firmware and RF), familiarity with 3GPP specifications and the tooling used in mobile industry to debug and break down cellular/telephony issues to component level. You have basic experience in scripting languages like Python, JavaScript and Swift for developing debugging and automation scripts.
Be ready to make something extraordinary when you come here. Dynamic, encouraging people and innovative, industry-defining technologies are the norm at Apple.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Experience in debugging RF and physical layer
Excellent knowledge of 4G/5G across 3GPP layers
Solid understanding of 3GPP or ETSI standards
Experience with cellular modem testing (preferably certification)
Excellent troubleshooting, analytical and problem-solving skills
Enjoy end to end root cause analysis in a collaborative environment
Experience in developing scripts in Python or JavaScript
Education and Experience
Master’s/Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
Why Apple?
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products.
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €