Jobs by email
Abbott Automation Solutions GmbH
Teamlead Software Development (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
Abbott is a global healthcare leader, creating breakthrough science to improve people’s health. We’re always looking towards the future, anticipating changes in medical science and technology.  
In Germany, Abbott has more than 3,000 employees working in manufacturing, research and development, logistics, manufacturing, sales and marketing. They are located at Abbott`s German headquarters in Wiesbaden and its sites in Hanover, Neustadt am Rübenberge, Wetzlar, Eschborn, Cologne, Jena and Hamburg.  
Abbott Automation Solutions GmbH (AAS) in Hamburg is looking for a  
TEAMLEAD SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT (M/F/D)  
Responsibilities
Responsible for defining, communicating and evangelizing the group Vision and Mission in alignment with the company's Vision and Mission
Align with leadership in providing technical strategy and standards for your team and partnering with your Technical Lead on delivery quality
Oversee projects across a team within an Engineering department with a deep understanding of dependency management in complex projects
Be a mentor and coach, fostering ownership, guiding personal growth, and constantly striving to raise the bar on delivery performance and quality.
Transparent plan in place for each direct report that outlines their desired next step in their career and the steps required to get them there
You support and facilitate a documented process for efficient onboarding / offboarding of your team
You are responsible for the hiring function for your team, and providing your recommendation on staff to leadership. You assure all hires for your teams meet
Responsible for interviewing and acting as the ultimate decision-maker in engineering's interview processes for your team, coaching toward the optimal outcome for your team's health
Profile
Min 8+ years of experience of being a professional programmer in the relevant discipline
Fully capable of owning and running entire subsystems of work. Able to step in and run any and all subsystems for your team
Expected to act as a coach or mentor and provide guidance to the team. You maintain 1-1 meetings with your staff and have clearly defined development commitments for all
Finds common ground quickly and solve problems for the good of all without disruption. Exemplifies being a team player. Continuously gains trust and support of others
A hands-on engineering background, with substantial expertise in multiple programming environments and advanced concepts
Capable of guiding the successful execution of projects across your team.
Able to work with business stakeholders to help determine business value and communicate that value to their staff
Fluent in German and English
Working at Abbott
At Abbott, you can do work that matters and help people to live a healthier and full life, grow your career, and learn, be your true self. You will have access to:  
Career development with an international company where you can grow the career you dream of 
An attractive benefits package (e.g. attractive Abbott Pension Plan , a company bike, employee stock purchase program) 
A company recognized as a great place to work in dozens of countries around the world and named one of the most admired companies in the world by Fortune.  
A company that is recognized as one of the best big companies to work for as well as a best place to work for diversity, working mothers, female executives, and scientists.  
A challenging position in a fast-growing crisis independent industry
To become part of a dynamic, highly educated, highly skilled, and motivated team 
Flat hierarchies, open appreciative mentality, and efficient, constructive lines of communication 
Multi-national environment, where we foster the development of our talents within the enterprise 
Have we piqued your interest? Then apply to us.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Abbott Automation Solutions GmbH
Sachsenkamp 5, 20097 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -