Jobs by email
ZEISS
Head of Master Data Domain & Objects Management (m/f/d)
Oberkochen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Lead the Master Data Domain & Objects Management team, which is responsible for definition and monitoring of global master data standards (data object definitions, maintenance processes, roles and responsibilities, governance levels, KPIs), project support, business consulting, guidance and trainings in master data content related topics.
Perform the continuous identification of talent to further grow the team as well as develop existing team members
Collect business and legal requirements related to Master Data and ensure the implementation of those in our core systems
Collaborate with stakeholders across the business to support the whole end-to-end-process landscape with all content related aspects within the Master Data objects in compliance with legal requirements
Lead and support key group programs, projects and initiatives to improve our Master Data quality and process efficiency
Help to establish a data-driven culture at ZEISS
Ihr Profil
An excellent technical or university degree with an analytical focus (e.g. economics, business informatics, information technology) paired with a passion for master data and data quality
Experience in team management, consulting and project management
Experience in stakeholder management and conflict resolutions skills
Deep knowledge on SAP Data Architecture and SAP Best Practices, especially within SAP ERP, S/4HANA, SAP MDG and SAP CRM, but also on non-SAP systems (e.g., Salesforce CRM, CPQ Solutions of PIM Systems)
Deep knowledge on common project and process management methods, e.g., agile methods, OKR and change management
Analytical thinking and quick comprehension even of complex issues
High level of commitment, persuasiveness, and communication skills
High level of empathy and emotional intelligence
Advanced German and English language skills
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Annett Burger, Markus Repp
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.