Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Developer (m/f/x)
Neubeuern
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will develop innovative solutions for our industry customers
You develop an innovative conception, architecture and implementation of data interfaces for industrial communications via OPC UA
You will develop software based on the .NET Core .NET Framework
You will transform semantic modeling and adaptation of machine, operating and process data to information models that are becoming established
You will be responsible for definition, selection and application of data broker technologies and frameworks
You will develop connectors and adapters to existing applications
You will be a part of the entire development process (such as requirements analysis, design, implementation, documentation and unit testing)
You will work on innovative solutions in a motivated, agile team
You will setup a CI / CD system based on the current state of the art
Ihr Profil
You have a successfully completed degree in computer science / informatics / mathematics / engineering or a comparable qualification 
You have several years of professional experience as a software engineer preferably in the industrial environment
You have knowledge in finding solutions for complex technological problems
You have experience in writing code and reviewing the code from others
You have experience in .NET Core and .NET Framework
You have Know-how in the area of IT and WEB protocols (OPC UA, MQTT, REST) and the associated data modeling (XML, JSON) 
You have some basic knowledge of OT protocols (Ethernet fieldbuses) 
You are a highly team-oriented, independent and organized way of working
You have Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed
You are fluent in English and have ideally some knowledge in German
Would you like to gain an influence on the company's success in one of the most exciting business units?
Would you like an appreciative and close cooperation with very flexible and innovative working time models?
Then you should definitely apply for this job!
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Stefan Schmid
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
83115 Neubeuern, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.