Jobs by email
Statista GmbH
Client Success Manager - Italy (m/f/d)
Berlin / Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
Welcome to the global No.1 Business Data Platform!
With our high-end data platform and other various smart data analytic products and services, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions. Several oft he most successful international companies and institutions trust Statista.
Founded 15 years ago in Hamburg, we have quickly developed into a global company. In our 13 office locations, we employ over 1,100 colleagues from more than 70 nationalities.
In our international working environment, everyone is encouraged to contribute ideas to make Statista a special place to work.
Our culture, framed by clear goals and a supporting team, paves the way for us to stay a profitable, leading player in the market.
We look forward to welcoming you as part of our team!
Your Team:
Our Client Success team is essential to the success and continuous growth of our client base. We are committed to building meaningful client relationships by providing our clients with data and insights for fact-based decision-making. We are the client's voice and a key driver of cross-functional efforts to consistently deliver outstanding client value. 
Your Tasks
You will be managing our client portfolio within Italy and the Balkans region together with the Sales Managers  
You will be responsible for nurturing client relationship throughout their subscription lifecycle through consistent delivery of outstanding client experience across the journey from onboarding, proactive engagement to resolving inquiry
As a trusted partner, you are expected to develop a deep understanding of the clients’ business goals, continuously identify opportunities to add value to their decision-making process by mapping their data needs to Statista’s capabilities
You are the voice of our clients. By listening intently to your clients, you will gather client’s feedback to work closely with cross functional teams on collaboration or engagement activities towards client retention
You will maintain records of client activity and account status, including regular reporting on client portfolio 
Your Profile
1-3 years of building B2B relationships and/or focus on retention of client base, with a focus on Italy and the Balkans.
Former experience in client-facing role (e.g. Account Management, Client Success, Client Service or Customer Relation). 
Native Italian speaker and professional level of English with exceptional verbal and written communication skills. 
Ability to multi-task, trouble-shoot and solve problems while utilising multiple interfaces and addressing a high volume of work within a fast-paced environment.
Great attention to detail, with a competitive nature and a desire to win.
Professional growth potential and desire to be part of a rapidly expanding business. 
Your Benefits
High level of autonomy 
Great opportunities for personal growth and responsibility 
Opportunity to grow quickly into mentor and/or leadership role 
Professional development  
Statista University - extensive training offer and individual coaching 
Extensive offer in the field of health promotion 
Dynamic, international team 
A team-oriented transfer of know-how 
Located directly within Hamburg's city center 
HVV Profi Card 
Home Office & Flextime 
Sabbatical
Visa Support 
Your Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.