Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Software Engineer- Integration Secrecy
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Apple’s Technology Development Group is looking for a Software Integration Engineer to help us build and deliver incredible software products. We’re seeking an excellent communicator who can coordinate our software submission process between development engineering, quality assurance, and project managers. Additionally, you would be instrumental in helping us maintain Apple’s culture of secrecy for future products.
If you want to be part of the team that is crafting the future of augmented reality technology in Apple product platforms, we want to hear from you!
Description
The Integration team is part of the Engineering Operations organization within TDG. We are primarily responsible for helping to keep all projects building and testing successfully and handling all code submissions to our supported platforms.
Above all else, a successful integration engineer is expected to reliably and consistently work collaboratively between many cross functional teams to ensure we can safely build our code alongside all of Apple's operating systems. This includes being able to investigate and resolve complex software integration issues including build failures, handling build dependency relationships, and assisting with triaging runtime regressions.
We're looking for someone who can collaborate with our cross functional partner teams to improve our build and release process. The ideal candidate is someone who is constantly curious, and able to keep a close attention to detail while facing daunting engineering challenges.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
Coordinating a submission process for several key projects
Investigate and triage both build and runtime failures in our code bases
Contribute to our automated scripts and tools library to support engineering and QA teams
Inspect our beta seed builds to ensure we're compliant with Apple's secrecy guideline
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Proficiency in scripting languages such as Python and Bash, as well as SCM tools, preferably Git
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal skills
A willingness and record of taking ownership of projects and driving them to completion
Creative thinking and strong problem solving skills with meticulous attention to detail
Process oriented and able to divide large workloads into smaller, more manageable tasks
Experience investigating and triaging software build failures
Education and Experience
Experience reverse engineering software or reviewing large code diffs is a plus.
Additional Requirements
Experience reverse engineering software or reviewing large code diffs is a plus.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €