Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Cyber Security Engineer (m/f/d) SAP
Stuttgart, Hamburg, Düsseldorf, Leipzig, Ingolstadt, Frankfurt, Berlin, Köln, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
The SAP Security engineer (m/f/d), implements, and maintains effective methods to protect SAP applications. You establish procedures and technical measures to assist in the deployment and maintenance of Application Security used around the MMS SAP environment. You will be collaborating with the global security team, risk and compliance teams, solution teams and business to provide recommendations of operational and technical solutions to enable the business and maintain the security posture to appropriate risk levels.
Your tasks
SAP Application Management including access control, process control, and elevated privilege configuration management
Secure SAP Integrations, maintain, and audit all integration security
SAP SIEM Management including use case definition and product maintenance
Liaison with SOC for SAP Security Incident Management Process
Maintain Single Sign on Integrations for SAP Applications, including certificate management, conditional rule definition, and other related SSO configuration
Keeping informed of emerging solutions and security capabilities and tools to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and automate repeatable tasks in the SAP context
Interface within the broader Information Security function to help design and implement security improvements
Anticipates problems and identifies long-term implications of decisions and actions
Requirements
Must display Enthusiasm and interest in Information Security and draw recommendations based on real world experience
Current holder of CISSP, or other industry certifications a plus
Bachelors' degree or equivalent work experience
Application security experience in SAP SuccessFactors, SalesForce, Coupa, SAP Concur, or other cloud-based applications
Process Control design and administrative experience
SAP S4 or SAP ECC Security and Role Management
Any Security SAP Certifications
Microsoft Active Directory and/or Azure Active Directory Experience
Strong sense of professionalism and ethics
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services.
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf,  Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €