Jobs by email
Brunel GmbH
Embedded Software Developer for Linux (w/m/d)
Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Do you want to take the next step up in your career?
Brunel gives you the chance to continually develop and improve with big-name clients across a broad variety of industries. Take that crucial career step today:
Apply to join Brunel as an Embedded Software Developer for Linux.
Deine Verantwortungen
In your role you are developing embedded software architectures for complex firmware based on Linux.
You program firmware including specifications.
Your tasks will also include verification and bug-fixing.
The documentation and creation of prototypes with your team is also part of your area of responsibility.
In interdisciplinary teams, you exchange information about the results of the tests with project partners.
Dein Profil
You have a successfully completed university degree in computer science, engineering computer science, electrical engineering or a comparable qualification in the above-mentioned field of activity.
You have already gained development experience in the embedded Linux area.
Furthermore, you have experience with real-time operating systems, Linux kernel and toolchain for embedded Linux (especially yocto).
You have experience in software development (C++, C#, Python) as well as with test procedures.
In addition to a good command of English, you are characterised by a self-reliant and goal-oriented way of working.
Unser Angebot
Brunel's corporate culture is shaped by the diversity of our people and a commitment to mutual respect between colleagues on every level of the company. That includes a varied program of social get-togethers with your team but also regular feedback sessions with your manager to discuss the challenges you face and your prospects for the future.
Personally, tailored training and development create ideal conditions to improve your skills and prepare yourself for future projects. At Brunel: permanent contracts, 30 days' leave, flexible working hours and employer-funded company pension programs are business as usual.
Interessiert?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Brunel GmbH
Würzburg, Deutschland