Jobs by email
softgarden e-recruiting gmbh
Senior Software Engineer (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Working at softgarden means constantly rethinking recruiting. As one of the leading providers for recruiting solutions, we bring companies and applicants together, quickly and easily. With our unique softgarden feedback solution, employer branding strategies are optimised and employee evaluations are presented transparently.
Together with 160 employees, softgarden stands for an open company culture in which everyone motivates, listens and trusts. We are proud of our team cohesion and are looking for new colleagues to support our mission to modernise recruiting.
Senior Software Engineer (m/f/d)
FULL TIME | Berlin, Deutschland | With Professional Experience
Your role
In this role you'll actively contribute to the expansion of our product by developing new and refining existing features
You will join together backend and frontend by either developing RESTful APIs in JavaEE or creating user interfaces with Angular
To ensure we provide a great user experience, you'll work closely together with Product Management, Quality Assurance and our Customer Service team
There is never no time for great ideas. With your input you will be part of the creative process in product development
The techstack we are looking for
Solid experience in at least one of these core technologies: Typescript, Javascript, Angular2+ and a deep knowledge of Java and JavaEE
Test automation is part of your DNA and you are able to work with basic fronted technologies such as HTML5
You have 4+ years of experience in software development and are comfortable with docker in your local development environment
A methodical approach in combination with your experiences allow you to realise our innovative product vision and to learn new technologies and architectures
Why softgarden
Coffee and free food in the office are amazing and yes, we do have those. But let's be honest, that is not what really matters. At softgarden we strive to live an open company culture, where
work moves around your personal life and not the other way around
fair communication and feedback are not just any buzzwords
you are trusted with flexible working hours, home office and remote work options
But of course, we also have the other benefits, too
Public transportation ticket
A job bike 
Modern hardware
Teamevents like our Summerparty, organised Lunch Breaks and After-Work Drinks
Company Pension Plan
A present for your birthday and company anniversary
A great, central office in Berlin
Relocation support
Does this sound like you?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
softgarden e-recruiting gmbh
Tauentzienstraße 14, 10789 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.