Jobs by email
Uniper
Expert Portfolio & Data Strategy (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
Our Power and Short-Term Trading and Dispatch Team at Uniper Global Commodities SE in Düsseldorf, Germany is looking for you
Contribute to Short-Term Trading & Dispatch's portfolio extension and actively shape the integration of new assets and technologies, like renewables, batteries etc.
Support pricing of flex assets in order to create a robust portfolio
Deliver insights into commercial decision making by contributing to modelling of short-term markets and assets with relevant stakeholders
As part of our Data Strategy, contribute to a solid data foundation, perform analysis and demonstrate the application of data driven decision making
Successfully work with different functions within Short-term Trading & Dispatch and Uniper Global Commodities
Your profile
You learn fast, you love tackling complex problems and you enjoy working with data
You are a team player who can also work independently and effectively. Someone who enjoys working in a changing environment, brings expertise, and is eager to learn
You bring experience in working with databases and handling of large amounts of data, you have experience in a scripting language (e.g. Python)
You have good communication skills and proven ability to interface and build strong relationships to other teams and stakeholders
You are fluent in English, and German language skills are a plus
Ideally you hold a university degree in a relevant area, preferably with a focus on quantitative analysis or data science
We offer
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40221 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.