Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Test engineer in the graphic domain (hardware) (all genders)-In Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V666
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
 Your Mission 
You will contribute to the development and integration of our first-in-class in-vehicle infotainment system MBUX - using various technologies, frameworks, and interfaces. You are part of the graphics team which is responsible to bring the MBUX UI to the latest and greatest hardware. As graphic teams we are responsible that the UI runs on all hardware variants therefore our team will get the new gadgets, e.g., the different peripherals, as screens and input devices, first and do the initial bring-up of that hardware.
You will be responsible for the hardware and the target of the teams. That means you will make sure that the embedded targets are flashed to the newest versions and the developers are able to test their features and support them with testing. You will also be responsible for the hardware bring-up and document its configuration. As part of this work, you will coordinate suppliers and other departments to get the required firmware and software for the new HW and do the initial integration tests. This includes development benches as well as in cars.
Qualifikationen
Tasks:
Get hardware up running
Support multiple hardware variants
Flash firmware images to target devices and other ECUs
Ensure hardware is configured correctly
Verify that test results on development samples are comparable to the car
Support software developers across multiple teams to enable features.
Debugging
Preparation of hardware targets
Self-directed communication with suppliers, e.g. to enable low level functionality for developers to build on top of
Documentation
Your Profile 
Skills:
Worked with embedded Linux
Worked with embedded hardware
Worked with Jenkins
Test automation
Documentation and how tos
ssh / shell / linux / vi / git / adb
Confluence / Jira
Communication skills
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.