Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Python Software Engineer - RF Validation Tools Development (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here.
Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? Are you ready to be part of a team transforming wireless technology? Join us and help to deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. In this role, you will be a key member of our team in Munich developing tools for our integrated cellular RF products.
Tasks
Your responsibility comprises the SW Tool development for the Cellular RF Transceiver Validation. You will collaborate closely with a variety of different, international teams to serve them with special tools tailored for their need. Your interaction with those teams starts with the requirements collection, through progress reporting until tool maintenance and continuous improvement.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Strong programming skills with Python for test script generation and tools implementation in a HW/SW environment
Strong experience with version control like GIT/Gitlab/CI
Experience with creating test automation scripts to run in lab and/or regression environment
Experience in development projects in cross-functional and international teams
Basic understanding of RF fundamentals & RF measurement techniques
Basic knowledge of cellular 3GPP (3G/4G/5G) standards with focus on RF aspects
Team spirit, excellent communication skills and the desire to accept diverse challenges are essential
Education and Experience
MS or PhD in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €