Jobs by email
Continental AG
Consultant MS Dynamics 365 for Sales and Customer Service (m/f/d) REF9013E
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 7 hours ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
The CRM group within the Automotive IT Competence Center Business Applications is responsible for the MS Dynamics 365 for Sales and Customer Service application. We are currently looking for an experienced consultant to work together with us on the following tasks:
Support the MS Dynamics 365 implementation project for the OEM Business Areas of Continental Automotive together with a diverse team of internal and external business and IT members
Consulting business during the phase of definition of requirements
Customizing of application and development of custom workflows, add-ins, APIs, etc.
Support testing and global roll-out
Support the MS Dynamics 365 application including interfaces and further development after the end of the implementation project:
Be first contact for 3rd level support
Analyze and correct bugs and customize / develop new functionality
Responsibility for Systems Operation and Monitoring
Manage / monitor interfaces to connected systems / applications
Support release management process and deployment of future system developments
Qualifications
Academic degree in computer science or an equivalent qualification
Many years of experience with MS Dynamics 365 for Sales and Customer Service
Experience in developing in at least some of the following environments: .NET, C#, JavaScript and HTML
Knowledge of Webservices, REST/SOAP APIs
Experience with DevOps and Azure (Logic Apps)
Good English and German language skills in written and spoken
Analytical skills
Structured way of working
Process oriented thinking
Customer Orientation
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits
Click here to find out more. 
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Guerickestraße, Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -