Jobs by email
Mercedes-AMG GmbH
AMG Product Owner for Embedded Software/Basis Software (m/w/d)
Affalterbach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: P0009V2864_EN
Tasks
Main contact for basic software, middleware and software integration within the Agile Release Train (ART) according to SAFe in Mercedes-AMG e-Drive software development
Creation and prioritization of features/stories in the backlog in close cooperation with product management, stakeholders and other agile teams
Design and implementation of the Mercedes-AMG software strategy for the basic software in the Mercedes-AMG e-Drive and the further development of MB.OS
You are committed to the product vision and lead your colleagues to a common goal
Technical contact person for the basic software development team and establishment of close cooperation, exchange and coordination of all stakeholders and roles within the ART
Qualifications
Degree in computer science, electrical engineering, mechatronics, automotive engineering or comparable
Skills and experience in leading an agile team (agility is more than Scrum meetings and processes for you)
Several years of professional experience in the field of E/E & software development desirable
Experience in software development Embedded software engineering according to ASPICE in the automotive environment and ECU development
Experience with classic AUTOSAR
Very good knowledge of German and English, spoken and written
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-AMG GmbH
71563 Affalterbach, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.