Jobs by email
SiCrystal GmbH
Data Engineering Expert Production (m/f/x)
Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
We are full of energy...
for more than 25 years. With our innovative substrates made from the sophisticated semiconductor material silicon carbide, we are actively shaping a sustainable future in which solar and wind energy will gain in importance and electric driving will be the new culture of mobility.
As a subsidiary of the ROHM Semiconductor Group, which employs over 23,000 people worldwide, we combine our experience, dynamism and in-depth technical expertise in the field of single-crystalline wafers with the power of a globally active company.
It is often the small things that move big things: SiCrystal GmbH provides the indispensable basis for state-of-the-art electronic components.
Our highly qualified and motivated employees develop and produce for a key technology of the future and ensure energy-efficient and resource-saving systems in high-performance electronics.  Would you like to shape the future with us?
For the growing production of our high-tech products, we are looking for a
your responsibilities
Data mining and evaluation of production SiC growth data
Participation in qualification and continuous improvement of modern production equipments and their processes in the field of SiC crystal growth
Monitoring and reporting of technical KPI factors
Participation in planning and implementation of investment projects
Contact person for process engineers (m/f/d) and production control regarding determination of KPI factors
Regular coordination with production and R&D crystal growth
your profile
Successfully completed mathematical, technical or scientific studies
Knowledge of Python, JMP, Access and statistical methods
First professional experience in production environment desirable
Strong analytical thinking skills and structured way of working
High degree of motivation and ability to teamwork
Fluent German and very good written and spoken English skills
we offer
A diverse field of activity with opportunities for further development and room for creativity in a dynamic company
A permanent employment contract with flexible working hours
An appropriate remuneration
Qualified training in a committed team
  Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
SiCrystal GmbH
Thurn-und-Taxis-Straße 20, 90411 Nürnberg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -