Jobs by email
ZEISS
Manager Digital Business Security – Digital Platform & Ecosystems (m/w/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg), München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Business Information Security (InfoSec) Enablement is the Body of Corporate Information Security which has a stronger hand-on Business enablement and support Focus with the Global responsibility to enable and support ZEISS Business Segments and Units to implement the strategic agenda with security by design in alignment with customers’ needs and with the ZEISS wide information security strategy. This Business supporting Function leads the global Business Information Security Organization and is committed to enable and where necessary coordinate and lead ZEISS wide initiative that support Business Segment’s Information Security programs and activities and create synergy and standardization around Business Information Security across ZEISS. With the important target to enable and support Business Segments and Units to deliver secure and resilient business solution and product @ speed @ scale while meeting customer expectations related to information security.
As "Manager Digital Business Security – Digital Platform & Ecosystems, you will be responsible for the further development and operation of ZEISS Information Security Programs in areas such as Information security Best Praxis and standardization in digital Platform & Ecosystems across ZEISS entities globally.
You will
support a careful selection and implementation of security solution and intelligent automation that enable security by design into Business platforms & Ecosystems @ speed and @scale.
define and enables minimum-security baseline and technical blueprint architectures to include in the smart hardware platforms and (digital) ecosystems; this includes baselines and blueprints for Business key management infrastructure, product identity management solutions, and cybersecurity risk management solution for business platforms and ecosystems.
Own the responsibility for all technical cross Business capabilities enablement and ensure Best Praxis Knowledge sharing and standardization.
Technically Lead security professional, expert and engineer leveraging global resources in a matrix organization and enable specific metrics to drive action and support compliance objectives.
enable effective Threat Modeling/risk assessment at the speed and scale of Business Value delivery and act as a key technical leader and coach for the Business information security organization.
report on the Overall status of the Business Information security technical capabilities and on implementation of security in business Platform and Ecosystems, as well as on their impact on the speed and scale of business value delivery.
Ihr Profil
Professional education / studies in the field of Information Security (Bachelor's,  Master's, Or PhD’s degree) or equivalent combination of education and working experience
5+ years of experience in technical architecture and implementation of Information Security in digital technology (smart devices, cloud, IoT, AI, smart Factory, etc.) or similar experience.
Strong experience in secure digital solution design or development /engineering (SW and HW) in large organization.
Strong Secure DevOps development practices, and experience with Security by design in CI/CD pipelines, cloud to X connectivity technology and cloud environments such as (Azure, AWS, Google Cloud)
Critical thinker with strong problem-solving skill and High level of personal resilience, Self-driven, results-oriented and Ability to work in a team and to lead technical standardization at a global level.
Effectively collaborate, manage and coach a variety of stakeholders, from senior management to technical teams in a matrix organization.
Fluent English language skills, German or other languages are of advantage
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.