Jobs by email
FSC International
Business Applications Developer (m-f-d)
Bonn
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
The Mission
FSC works to take care of our forests and those who rely on them: by protecting plant and animal species, Indigenous Peoples’ rights, forest workers’ safety, and much more. We achieve this through FSC certification, ensuring forests around the world are responsibly managed.
To effectively meet the challenge of protecting the world’s forests, we are committed to ensuring we have the world’s most skilled people working with us. This commitment extends to everyone that works in FSC around the world: from those that lead the design of policies and standards, to those that roll out those same policies and standards on the ground, and to those that provide us with backbone to do our work.
We are looking for an engaged Business Applications Developer who brings solid expertise and a passion for FSC’s mission, to work with us in a multinational environment.
The Scope
To develop business systems components to support data management, business processes automation, and relationship management functions.
Business Applications Developer (m-f-d)
Main Roles and Responsibilities
Configure, code, develop, and document system components and their specifications throughout project, development, and delivery cycles.
Plan, design, develop, customize and build user-friendly applications and components in FSC’s Dynamics 365/Power Platform-based technology environments to realize business units’ requirements.
Collaborate with analysts and designers in the development of business system components and software applications, and imparting knowledge to establish awareness of programming and design alternatives.
Perform stakeholder facing responsibilities liaising and communications with business units and external stakeholders in gathering requirements, development and deployment of business application solutions.
Incorporate existing business systems, workflows, and services into the Dynamics 365 architecture.
Ensure quality assurance of program logic, data processing, and error resolution.
Develop secure business logic, cross-platform integrations, and automation applications in FSC’s Power Automate/Logic Apps environments.
Run and monitor performance tests on new and existing software and components, correct mistakes, isolate areas for improvement, and perform general debugging.
Perform system administration activities of Microsoft Dynamics 365 business systems.
Gather statistics and prepare and report on the status of the programming and development processes.
Any other task as assigned by formal supervisor and project work as assigned according to special organizational needs
Qualification, Experience and Skills
Education and Training:
A university degree in Business Information Technology, Computer Science/Computer Engineering, or a related IT field.
At least one active Microsoft Developer certification, and Power Platform Developer and Azure Developer certifications are pluses.
Certification in Microsoft Dynamics CRM will be an added advantage.
Working Experience, Style and Skills:
2-5 years’ relevant experience working with Microsoft Dynamics 365/ CRM.
1-2 years’ experience with Microsoft Power Platform (Power Automate, Power Apps, Logic Apps) including Customer Voice Forms.
Comprehensive skills in the Dynamics 365 technology stack, including the Microsoft Dynamics 365 portals.
Comprehensive understanding and skills in designing, customizing, developing, integrating, and deploying Microsoft Dynamics 365, Power platform tools and solutions.
Working knowledge of customer and stakeholder management systems.
Strong working knowledge and understanding of business workflows and processes implementation.
Working knowledge of customer and stakeholder management.
Strong working knowledge and understanding of business workflows and processes implementation.
A probing and analytical approach with the ability to pre-empt potential problems and identify inefficiencies.
An ability to prioritize and allocate effort appropriately.
Proactive team player.
Keen attention to detail.
Computer Skills:
Strong, hands-on experience with the Microsoft 365 suite, Azure Cloud Services and relevant programming languages.
Experience with working with Software development repositories i.e., GitHub.
Experience with Agile software development lifecycle management.
Language and Communication Skills:
Fluency in English (spoken and written).
Customer service orientation with good communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to convey information clearly to users and grasp perceived difficulties.
Terms and Conditions:
Location: Bonn, Germany.
Working Hours: Full time - 40 hours per week.
Duration of Employment: Temporary contract - 2 years (extension possible, subject to satisfactory performance).
Starting Date: As soon as possible.
How to Apply:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
FSC International
53113 Bonn, Deutschland