Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
MB.OS Zone controller: Senior Lead Software Developer and Integrator (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0002FLA
Aufgaben
Teil von Mercedes-Benz zu werden bedeutet, den Aufgabenbereich zu finden, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Es bedeutet, in einem globalen Automobilunternehmen, das den Fokus auf nachhaltigen Luxus legt, sein Bestes zu geben. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen.
Together for excellence.
Mercedes-Benz AG is the world's most valuable brand for luxury passenger cars. We focus on the development, production and sales of passenger cars, vans and vehicle-related services. Furthermore, the company aspires to be the leader in the fields of electric mobility and vehicle software.
Mercedes-Benz Cars Development (RD) has persistently been pioneering the automotive technology of the future. Highest quality, most innovative products and most efficient development processes are our day-to-day claim. We are already working today on vehicles that will secure the technological leadership of Mercedes-Benz in the future. One of the most important factors contributing to this leadership aspiration is agile vehicle software development at the heart of the new Mercedes-Benz operating system: MBOS.
Our new department has been founded to define and develop the brand-new Zone controller platform (complex ECUs with power distribution, I/O management, gateway functionality, applications for vehicle and comfort functions, etc.) for our upcoming MB.OS vehicle architectures. As a senior lead software developer, you will be responsible for the integration of base layer and application packages into the Zone controller’s software stack as well as its deployment during development and serial production. In close collaboration with neighboring application and platform stack teams, you create innovative solutions to build software compatible with interfaces throughout the vehicle architecture. Also, you are passionate about the MB.OS aspiration of “24h to prototype and 3 months to serial production”.
Your contribution to our success story is composed of:
WinningTeam – You are part of a highly skilled and motivated team of software engineers and you are eager to contribute to the team success
ContinousDeployment – You are responsible for the complete integration of the Zone controller software through highly automated processes – defined and maintained by your contributions. Releases are delivered on time with proven quality. You appreciate unforeseen events as an opportunity for change rather than a problem and you strive for continuous improvement
FasterThanEver – You tailor flexible automatization tools provided by the Mercedes Software Factory for a seamless integration as well as static and dynamic tests
DigitalEmbracesEmbedded – You use SIL and HIL resources jointly with other involved teams. Your software integration journey leads you from fast cloud-based simulation of virtual ECUs to hardware-software integration setups in the physical world
OpenCommunity– You cooperate closely with neighboring teams, contributing stack and application teams to integrate the overall Zone controller software.
DriveCreateInspire– You enjoy working in a dynamic environment and you feel confident about choosing the road less paved. You are resourceful in using the freedom available and in pushing boundaries to help cover unknown territory. You see setbacks as an opportunity to grow and a motivation to try even harder. For you, change means progress
Qualifikationen
What you bring to the table:
University degree in Informatics, Software Engineering or related fields
Atlassian Toolchain (Jira, Confluence, Git/BitBucket)
JFrog’s Artifactory
Modeling languages UML 2.0 or SysML
Experience in automotive software engineering (including ASPICE and Functional Safety/ISO26262 conformity)
English (C1 CEFR) to communicate with colleagues and suppliers in an international project setting
German (B1 CEFR)
Personal skills:
Analytical and solution-oriented mindset
Structured approach to problem-solving
Sense of responsibility
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Ability to describe and communicate complexity and elaborate solutions
Open-mindedness to learn and broaden horizons
Organizational and prioritizing skills
Conflict resolution capabilities
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.