Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Strategic Advisor SAP (m/f/d)
Essen, Berlin, Hamburg, München, Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Full time; Part or Full time
E.ON Digital Technology (EDT) manages and implements with around 2,200 employees the digital transformation of E.ON. EDT is headquartered in Hanover, Germany and is internationally present across all E.ON locations.
At E.ON diversity matters. We welcome all people and are convinced that differences make us stronger. Become part of our inclusive and diverse company culture! We want the job to fit your life situation. Therefore, you can choose to apply in full or part-time.
We are looking for a Strategic Advisor SAP (m/f/d) to join our E.ON Digital Technology GmbH team.
Your task
Responsibilities
Translate business and technical requirements into an architectural blueprint to achieve business objectives and to drive SAP solution architecture design and analysis work
Govern the full development process for major SAP based projects as a design authority and measure implementation against design
Permanently analyse and design the target SAP landscape and surrounding applications in respect to business applications landscape and technology landscape
Create architectural designs to guide and contextualize SAP solution development across products, services, projects, and systems
Work closely with the program leadership or project management office to ensure the execution of plans corresponds with what is being created throughout the SAP driven solution project
Assess strategic IT demands in collaboration with the top management targeted to the SAP domain
Facilitate business conversations and moderate the definition of design principles in order to govern and assess the incoming demands
Interface with SAP product teams and architecture leads to understand latest and upcoming product developments as well as driving feedback to SAP to improve products and influence underlying roadmap
Your profile
Qualifications
Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, system analysis or a related study, or equivalent experience
SAP certifications as well as many years of experience in SAP solution architecture in complex environments and with focus on the utility industry
Several years of experience in at least two IT solution development disciplines, including technical or infrastructure architecture, network management, application development, middleware, database management or cloud development
Good understanding of strategic and emerging technology and SAP trends, and their practical application
Experience developing architecture designs, implementation strategies, and roadmaps in the utility sector
Experience in the facilitation and moderation of workshops and facilitation between different departments and stakeholders with different requirements
Strong communication skills on all levels and different audiences, ability to multi-task, and thrive in a fast-paced environment
Ability to understand the long-term ("big picture") and short-term perspectives of situations
Ability to translate future-state business capabilities and requirements into SAP solution architecture requirements
Deep knowledge in the coverage of business functions in the SAP solution as well as understanding in mapping business demands to SAP solutions
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.