Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Manager - Digital Training MED (w/x/m)
Oberkochen,
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Define and extend customer training strategy for MED based on our customer target groups.
Implement and execute through assessments with customers and SSC’s recommended customer learning paths. 
Support training execution and preparation for OPT with specific focus on digital solutions such as the Medical ecosystem and patient apps.
Drive and lead the customer training strategy supported by operational resources from the training team.
Determine and define projects, project teams and project scope in order to enhance global virtual training content for both internal and customer training purposes.
Develop and manage a detailed project schedule and work plan.
Provide project updates on a consistent basis to various stakeholders about strategy, adjustments, and progress
Establish a concept to drive the delivery of training content along the new Procedure based approach. Establish content delivery priority list and assign and drive internal training team to deliver the content according to timelines and plans.
Integrate content from the field (global sales force), such as success stories, experiences and related feedback into digital content Collects and shares global best practices as well as successful objection handling and continues to develop training on this basis
Evaluate the full current OPT offering and propose and develop a new training structure (learning path), that will incorporate all OPT procedures as a solution, as opposed to single product or application based training. Report to Team Leader, Global Sales and Application Training on the development, progress and full management of assigned training projects and initiatives.
Oversee the progress of the OPT Train the trainer program by monitoring monthly progress and receiving feedback from Regional Training Managers.  
Constantly communicating with customers, other departments and teammates in other countries to expand and disseminate knowledge of product acceptance, application trends, customer needs and competitive information
Ihr Profil
Degree in Business Management or similar, or medical science, medical technology or engineering science
+6 years in MED Sales or MED training in OPT
Fluent business English
Experience in training methodology, Project Management, sales and application support
Strong communication skills
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Celine Gianotti (celine.gianotti@zeiss.com).
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.