Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Product Owner (w/m/div.) – Global Reporting
Leipzig
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Service Solutions GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Frankfurt am Main
Your tasks
You are responsible for the development and technical operations of the Global Reporting System.
You contribute to the project and platform/operational strategy of the Global Reporting System.
You identify potentials and optimize processes.
You coach and support internal stakeholders on technical and operational topics related to the Global Reporting System.
You communicate with internal and external stakeholders, including developers and project managers. You are the Primary point of contact for questions from the internal IT team as well as business.
You ensure that the development team is focused on the right priorities during the development process, by following a scrum process.
You are responsible for the concept and implementation of a data warehouse solution.
Your profile
Education: successfully completed studies in computer science or a similar field or comparable education with relevant professional experience.
Experience & Know-how: Technical project management, Experience with Reporting and KPIs, ETL implementation / operational experience (MS SSIS, Talend, Pentaho) and PowerBI, System administration, DB user lever (SQL), Data Warehouse implementation/operational experience, Experience in the BPO area.
Your way to work: Creative and out-of-the-box thinking, process oriented thinking and experience with operational processes.
Language skills: Fluent spoken and written in English and German.
Personality: excellent communication skills, autonomous working as well as good teamworking, capacity to motivate others as well as self-motivation.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Bismarckstraße, Leipzig, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.