Jobs by email
ista SE
(Senior) Software Engineer – Identity and Access Management (*)
Essen, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
You want your work to have an impact. Real impact. Ever thought about where most CO₂ emissions come from? It's not planes. It's not Bitcoin, either. It's buildings. So why not join a company that already measures energy in 5 million households? And help transform that data into actionable insights?
Working at ista is all about rethinking the use of energy and resources. For today. For tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. We provide smart solutions for a sustainable future, make complex data more transparent and have the courage to flip the switch to change. In our company with its family-like corporate culture and strong values, our 5700 colleagues in 22 countries make switching to smart devices and digital services in the real estate sector easy. As one of the market leaders, we offer the benefits and reliability of a large corporation combined with the open-minded atmosphere of a modern tech company.
At ista, your ideas can make a real difference. Apply now and join us at our international head office in Essen or in our office in Berlin as:
(Senior) Software Engineer – Identity and Access Management (*)
Your responsibilities
… will be versatile and complex, as they require both profound know-how of IAM technologies and methods, as well as the ability to consult and come up with creative solutions. The focus of your work will be to harden and extend our IAM solution(s) (e.g. Keycloak) and to consult/support DEV-teams across our organization to utilize our identity and access management solutions. In detail:
Setup and maintenance of IAM infrastructure (so far based on Keycloak as identity provider, core IAM system will be selected and integrated soon)
Integration of existing applications into our IAM solution(s)
Integration of IAM solution(s) in our reporting and security Information and event management system
Your background
Experienced in professional Java development 
Hands-on experience with identity and access management solutions 
Knowledge of common protocols, technologies and standards, such as JWT, Oauth2.0, OpenID, SAML, SCIM and Kerberos and experience in applied current best practices 
DevOps knowledge and experience, incl. CI/CD and configuration management 
Experience in the administration of Linux-containerised infrastructure landscapes and networking incl. cloud know-how, preferably Azure 
Experience in modern and secure coding practices 
Independent and organized working habits 
Fluent in English. German is a plus! 
Our offer
A modern workplace, either in our new offices at Berlin's Rosenthaler Platz or in our headquarters in Essen
Look forward to an attractive salary including vacation pay, 30 days of vacation per year, flexible working hours as well as the opportunity to work remotely
Stay curious and develop yourself further: Standing still is not an option for us, which is why we support you in every aspect of your journey – take advantage of our innovative training program, for example with courses from the online universities Udacity and Coursera. Lots of learning opportunities are waiting for you!
Do the right thing with purpose and a future: Our services save CO₂ and protect the environment - we are working for a sustainable world of tomorrow!
Experience a working environment full of trust: We all pull together
Have fun in a motivated team: Whether self-organized as well as cross-team coding dojos and hackathons, international soccer cup or ice cream for everyone in the summer – we always come up with something new!
Our team
Diversity, flexibility, fun at work and a great team spirit make our team special
We work in a dynamic environment according to agile methods
You can expect an open culture with a lot of room for new ideas and impulses
We hold great importance to direct communication and fair cooperation
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.