Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Digital InfoSec Architect (m/w/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Business Information Security (InfoSec) Enablement is the Body of Corporate Information Security which has a stronger hand-on Business enablement and support Focus with the Global responsibility to enable and support ZEISS Business Segments and Units to implement the strategic agenda with security by design in alignment with customers’ needs and with the ZEISS wide information security strategy. This Business supporting Function leads the global Business Information Security Organization and is committed to enable and where necessary coordinate and lead ZEISS wide initiative that support Business Segment’s Information Security programs and activities and create synergy and standardization around Business Information Security across ZEISS. With the important target to enable and support Business Segments and Units to deliver secure and resilient business solution and product @ speed @ scale while meeting customer expectations related to information security.
As “Senior Digital InfoSec Architect”, you will develop and implement Enterprise information security architecture and technology solutions to ensure Security by design as well as secure Digital Transformation and beyond.
  You will
support the definition of our digital business security architecture for Digital & Data capabilities and create security architecture artifacts (models, templates, standards and procedures) that can be used to leverage security capabilities in projects and operations.
Ensure alignment between security architecture frameworks and standards and overall business digital strategy
Serve as an information security expert and trusted advisor to partners in IT and the business
Work closely with enterprise architects, other functional area architects, and security specialists to ensure relevant and adequate security solutions throughout all digital systems and platforms
Provide security architecture input into digital transformation strategy, reference architectures, multi-year architecture road mapping and investment planning
Contribute to aligning security governance with digital capabilities
Conduct research into new technologies, architectures, and security products to support security requirements for the digital enterprise, its customers, business partners and vendors
Contribute to the development and maintenance of the information security strategy
Analyse business impact and exposure based on emerging security threats, vulnerabilities, and risks
Ihr Profil
Professional education / studies in the field of Information Security (Bachelor's,  Master's, Or PhD’s degree) or equivalent combination of education and working experience
Certifications such as CISSP, CCSP, TOGAF, SABSA would be an advantage
Experience in developing security architecture artefacts and reference architectures for digital, data and IoT platforms ideally within manufacturing sector or equivalent
Experience managing 3rd party service and technology providers through various parts of the lifecycle.
  Strong interpersonal skills, with an emphasis on the ability to effectively influence others and bring digital security architecture to life for business and technology leaders alike
A team-focused mentality with the proven ability to work effectively with diverse multi-cultural internal and external stakeholders
An ability to communicate complex and technical issues to diverse audiences, orally and in writing, in an easily understood, authoritative and actionable manner
Demonstrable knowledge of a breadth of digital application architectures and how different cloud infrastructures support them
An understanding of the impact of emerging business and end-user technologies on information security requirements and architecture
Ability to communicate and build relationships outside the IT function and fosters a collaborative working relationship with various stakeholders
Fluent English language skills, German or other languages are of advantage
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.