Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
DevOps Lead Engineer at the Software Campus (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Temporary contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
We are the Software Campus. Our passion is software and our mission is pushing the software excellence at Bosch forward.  Would you like to shape with us the modern software culture at Bosch? We will foster your engagement with a software friendly work culture, opportunities for personal growth, modern work conditions, and a network of outstanding software experts.
You shape the transformation of Bosch towards an AIoT company with a modern software culture, being a "Continuous Everything (CX)" - the continuous practices beyond integration - shaped agile team member.
You develop automation solutions integrated into CX pipelines, fostering fast feedback cycles. You improve the efficiency and quality of software development based on DevOps mindset and state-of-the-art solutions.
You work with an interdisciplinary, dynamic, and multi-locations team. You guide the team members in technical questions in the design and implementation of software solutions. You are interfacing with other teams/projects in maintainer & contributor roles.
You are well connected in internal and external DevOps/CX communities and get latest information about state-of-the-art technologies.
Moreover, you develop requirements together with our partners/customers based on function and costs aspects. You also take non-functional aspects into account (platform/architecture compliance, testability, reuse). You coordinate and represent the corresponding work scope.
To improve software engineering processes including automation for all relevant development steps, you develop concepts and innovative approaches. You design, implement, maintain, and operate pipelines aiming automated verification and validation (V&V), delivery and deployment.
Last but not least, you integrate new and existing tools and workflows between on-premise and cloud-based infrastructures. You take responsibility for our end-to-end CX solutions, from pipelines to IT infrastructure and project toolchain setups.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master/diploma/PhD) in Computer Science or a comparable subject
Personality and : future-oriented, creative, high initiative, drive, team player, independent, dynamic, adaptive
Experience and Knowledge: several years of experience in DevOps, cloud and Continuous Integration (CI), -Testing (CT), -Delivery /Deployment (CD); good understanding in version control mechanisms (Git, etc.) and the interfaces to CI systems (Jenkins, Azure Pipelines, GitHub Actions, GitLab, etc.); methodological knowledge in software development and supporting tools such as requirements management, architecture, V&V and project management are beneficial; experience as technical lead is beneficial
Qualifications: programming/scripting skills in various languages (e.g. Python, Groovy, NodeJS, Typescript, Bash, etc); knowledge of various operating systems (Linux, etc.), Containerization (Docker, etc.) and how to apply everything-as-code in the context of CX, tooling, infrastructure, configuration, operability and observability; knowledge in integrating distributed systems in CX Pipelines (ALM, Artifactory, etc.); experience with cloud native technologies (AWS, Azure, etc.); familiar with build and package management systems (CMake, Conan, etc.)
Enthusiasm: passion for software
Languages: : good competencies in spoken and written English, German language skills are appreciated
 This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Mittlerer Pfad 4, 70499 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.