Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Speech Interaction Developer #HeyMercedes Voice Assistant (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002F7Y
Tasks
Welcome to #HeyMercedes!
You are a software or UI/UX developer with passion for voice assistants and have always wanted to develop products with impact and visibility that also generate great echo in media?
For you, voice assistants like Alexa and Siri are helpful tools and master your everyday life together with you? UI/UX, Scrum, Python, Machine learning and Artificial Intelligence are well-known to you?
You have a passion for the automotive mobility of the future and are looking forward to working with us to shape the digital transformation? Then become part of our team and continue with us our success story of the award-winning, innovative voice assistant from Mercedes-Benz!
We develop #HeyMercedes from the development headquarters in Sindelfingen together with our hubs in Silicon Valley, Berlin and Beijing. In doing so, we design probably the most direct, emotional interface between our customers and the Mercedes-Benz brand.
In the team Speech Interaction Design we shape the personality and create conversations for the MBUX voice assistant. We bring to live the best-in-class UI/UX for automotive voice assistants by developing Dialogs and natural language understanding (NLU) in our speech-development-platform. As a member of the team, you will work with exceptional UI/UX designers, linguists, data scientists and software developers to design, implement, test, launch, document, … speech UI/UX around #HeyMercedes.
You will work with a variety of cutting-edge technologies and development processes and develop comprehensive skills such as leadership, communication, conversational UX design and effective project management.
Your tasks in detail:
Conversation design
Development of the MBUX Voice Assistant with a focus on design, concept validation and implementation of speech dialogs and voice outputs
Define and implement new natural and empathic speech use cases end to end (from the concept idea until the go live in our vehicles)
Implementation of NLU, dialog flow and speech output with in-house technology
Further develop and enhance the core capabilities of the MBUX voice assistant
UX validation
Performing and evaluating customer studies with internal and external subjects
Validation of the concepts, as well as of the developed system, as part of studies, acceptance tests, car clinics and worldwide test drives
Evaluate customer feedback and initiate appropriate measures to increase customer acceptance
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
Completed studies in computer science, computer linguistics, media informatics, software development or comparable qualifications
Several years of experience in design and development of voice assistants or human machine interfaces
Relevant experience in at least one relevant programming language (e.g. Java/Springboot, Go, Python, NodeJS)
Tech-Experience in the field of Speech Applications/Voice Assistants/Natural Language Processing/Software Architecture is a plus
Excellent analytical skills as well as independent, structured and targeted working mode
International experience / intercultural experience desirable
Strong target orientation with a high degree of initiative and motivation
High affinity for voice assistants such as HeyMercedes, Siri, Alexa, Google
Enthusiasm for the automotive mobility of the future
Willingness and ideally first experience in intercultural cooperation
Willingness to travel, with occasional worldwide assignments
Fluent in English and German
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.