Jobs by email
BMW Group
Application Software Developer - Android UI/UX (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Development Digital Car team in München is currently seeking a
Application Software Developer - Android UI/UX (f/m/x)
Tasks
NEW SOLUTIONS EMERGE WHEN THINKING ISN'T HARD-WIRED.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
More than 90% of automotive innovations are based on electronics and software. That's why creative freedom and lateral thinking are so important in the pursuit of truly new solutions. Naturally, this includes flexible working models, so that our IT specialists are free to go in unconventional directions.
We develop Android applications for the upcoming infotainment systems of BMW, our focus lies with vehicle functions - features that turn a car into a car. Our feature teams do it all: we control your exterior lights, climate, driver-assistance systems and we render the instrument cluster for you.
What awaits you?
You will be involved in shaping the user experience for future drivers.
Hereby, you will work in an agile team of developers and UI experts on infotainment applications which visualize and control vehicle functions.
You will bring design vision to life by implementing highly custom UIs for all brands of BMW using the Android View framework and Jetpack compose.
Part of your daily tasks will be working closely with stakeholders to deliver the best possible solutions for our customers.
Additionally, you will communicate with a set of low-level components that control the car and you will analyze and solve technical issues.
Last but not least, you will write automated tests (MockK, Espresso) and integrate applications into the existing CI pipeline.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or in a similar field.
Several years of Android (App) development experience in Kotlin; Java and/or C++ are an advantage.
In-depth understanding of object-oriented software development.
Knowledge in CI and test automatization as well as software quality practices (e.g. code reviews).
Familiarity with agile processes.
Familiarity with AOSP or experience with Android Automotive is a plus.
Business-fluent English, German is a plus.
You enjoy working in a cross functional team and are interested in developing the most crucial components of our infotainment system? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 87984
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.