Jobs by email
Honda Research Institute Europe GmbH
Software Engineer m/f/d
Offenbach am Main
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 6 hours ago
Save
Take on new challenges, overcome the limits, bring out your best: join a team of cutting-edge researchers exploring the technologies that will shape our future.
Join the Honda Research Institute Europe in Offenbach, Germany!
We are working on topics ranging from artificial intelligence (AI), robotics and mobility to energy – and you can be part of it. We’re looking for fresh talent to advance robust, high-quality software.
Software Engineer m/f/d
Your responsibilities
You will help us realize HRI’s research ideas in prototype systems, or more specific:
Help us identify requirements and formulate them as specifications
Propose software designs together with our software architecture experts
Specify software units and implement them or handle their implementation with our external partners
Design or assess our test cases
Review our software and support release management
In all these tasks, you will work within a team of researchers as well as internal and external software engineering experts.
Your profile
Linux command-line usage
Good knowledge of Python development, ideally using PyQt and/or Mako
Bash scripting
Familiar with Git-based version control
Ideally, practical knowledge of using GitLab and CI infrastructures
University degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a comparable discipline is beneficial
You like to work independently and in a team and value a structured way of working.
Take the initiative and become part of our international team.
This position is initially limited to 2 years.
Our strengths – your benefits
An exciting combination of fundamental and applied research
An open atmosphere with a great multidisciplinary, international team and strong academic collaborations
Participation in international conferences and workshops
Flexible work time regulations
Various social benefits including an attractive retirement savings plan
We look forward to hearing from you.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Honda Research Institute Europe GmbH
63073 Offenbach am Main, Deutschland