Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
Content Aggregation Consultant (m/f/d)
Hamburg, Düsseldorf, London
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading digital recruiting platforms and #2 most popular tech employer in Germany, we help everyone find the right job. Therefore, we need you!
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a Content Aggregation Consultant (m/f/d) in Hamburg, Düsseldorf or London. As part of our Job Content Delivery team you will support in growing jobs on our platform.
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. Please let us know, if we e.g. should use a gender neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process.
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies.
Your Tasks
You guide and support ATSs integrating to our platforms
You will coordinate ATS integration with internal and external Stakeholders
You monitor and forecast content sources and publication pipelines
Contribution to team projects and documentation of such
Participation in information sharing activities
Your Profile
An academic background in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Data Science or similar education – university degree is not a must
Knowledge in JobTech ecosystem (ATS, Multiposting)
3-5 years of relevant experience in an Operations Support function
You are able to translate and communicate technical requirements to non-technical stakeholders
Fluent English language skills, additional language (e.g. Germany, Dutch, French) is a plus
Curiosity and willingness to learn
Good understanding of KPIs, SLAs and reporting
Ability to work autonomously and to set priorities
You excel with your result and solution orientation
Experience with ticketing systems (e.g. Jira) and documentation tools (e.g. Confluence)
Deep understanding in web technologies (REST, Event driven Architecture, Cloud)
Your Benefits
Our location? In Hamburg Hoheluft!  For you that means we're easy to reach - whether by train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably (after one year of employment).
Fancy a coffee? Our coffee is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day.  
Are you into fitness? Great! You can keep fit in our small fitness room for your sporting activities. 
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
We support you: We want you to become part of the StepStone family as quickly as possible! That is why we will support you with all the formalities during the visa process.
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally.  
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues.  
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays.  
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off.  
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role.  
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office.  
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentive trips, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.