Jobs by email
Bosch Rexroth
Digital Transformation Officer (f/m/div.)
Lohr am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Rexroth
Economical, precise, safe, and energy efficient: drive and control technology from Bosch Rexroth moves machines and systems of any size. Under the global Rexroth brand innovative components, tailored system solutions and service offerings are marketed for Mobile Applications, Machinery Applications and Engineering and Factory Automation.
The Bosch Rexroth AG is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Lohr am Main
Your tasks
Help shape the digital future of Bosch Rexroth: You will work across interfaces in a cross-functional, agile and international team that holistically develops and implements the digital strategy for Rexroth. To do this, you are in close contact with various stakeholders and the entire Chief Digital Officer (CDO) organization of Rexroth and work closely with our internal and external partners in the field of IT and digital.
Holistically shape and implement the digital strategy of Bosch Rexroth.
Represent your functional area but actively push E2E thinking.
Work across interfaces in a cross-functional, agile and international team.
Ensure the digital strategy through a KPI-driven program of transformation projects.
Support the development and management of an agile project organization required for each sub-project and are responsible for and manage (sub)projects according to the requirements.
Assume responsibility:
Accompany the worldwide implementation measures of the digital transformation “change” portfolio.
Responsible for program management of your functional area in relation to new topics to be set up and the derivation of the necessary decisions.
You take over the development of structured and transparent decision templates with the responsible stakeholders & experts.
Pushing new things forward:
Responsible for strategic projects independently and control them analytically and data-driven to success.
Determination of synergy potential and the development of cooperation models for new digital capabilities.
Derive (digital) competency needs for represented functional area.
Your profile
Education: Bachelor's or Master's degree in business information systems, economics, computer science, engineering or equivalent education
Personality and way of working: Design thinking that allows you to be an agent of change, ability to use the business architecture to initiate action and synthesize many ideas into a big picture - Dare to fail and fail fast
Know-how: Knowledge of business models in the digital/data-driven age, familiarity with the key technologies in the Digital Transformation, their strategic implications for their area, understanding of how markets influence business and how business functions are implemented by technology
Experience: Several years of professional experience, independent of technical direction
Languages: Good command of German and English, both written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Rexroth
Zum Eisengießer 1, 97816 Lohr am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -