Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Software Program Manager (m/w/d) Medical Devices - fixed term for 1-2 years
München
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
As a software program manager and product owner, you are responsible for one of our devices within the Microsurgery or Surgery product line. You work closely with product management, your software development team and other experts (quality management, regulatory/clinical affairs, localization) that help you to plan, develop, and launch the next versions of a highly challenging and interesting digital medical device in microsurgery.
In your role, you are responsible for the software development process end-to-end and oversee both the compliance with our quality management and regulatory processes as well as a customer-centric development of the software product. You coordinate with relevant stakeholders, ensure timely delivery of the software and provide implementation and roll-out plans.
You will get insights into the development of digital solutions for patient care that helps our customers to increase their patient’s quality of life.
  Your Role:
Interims -Program and software project management (e.g., breaking down a product roadmap into deliverables and versions, project planning with quality gates required for medical devices)
Planning, creation, and review of product documentation for regulatory approval (FDA 510(k), MDD and MDR) in compliance with IEC 62304, ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62366 standards
Responsibility and preparation of project and budget plans including project controlling and external contracting
Coordinating project plans and product requirements (features) with stakeholders (e.g., quality management, UX/UI, localization, regulatory teams)
Working according to agile SW development methods with the software development team as their product owner (i.e., backlog management and creation of Epics/User Stories including detailed requirement specifications for product documentation)
Ihr Profil
University degree in medical physics, computer science, engineering, business informatics, business information systems engineering, or a relevant adjacent subject; alternatively, a business degree and strong technology and healthcare experience
Min 8 years of work experience and minimum of 5 years in agile software development of complex products, ideally in the health care or any other regulated industry at the interface of hard-and software or equivalent
A proven track record of successfully launched and operated agile projects in the high-tech area
Knowledge of agile product owner methodologies
Strong problem solving and communication skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment
Ideally experience from working in health care companies or comparable branches
Fluent English skills
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sabrina Rieker (sabrina.rieker@zeiss.com)
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.