Jobs by email
PayPal Deutschland GmbH
FP&A Intern (DEATCH & Northern Europe)
Dreilinden-Berlin, Brandenburg, Germany
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
Introduction:
Who We Are:
PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution for more than 20 years. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, the PayPal platform is empowering more than 400 million consumers and merchants in more than 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy. For more information, visit paypal.com.
At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives.
Job Description Summary:
As part of the DEATCH and Northern Europe (NEU) Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) team and working closely with regional Senior Management, you will develop your analytical and presentation skills while gaining a deep understanding of PayPal’s fast-growing business across the DEATCH and NEU regions as well as other Core Markets (UK, Southern Europe, Australia and New Zealand).
This is a 6 month internship reporting to the DEATCH/NEU FP&A Manager. The position will be based in Dreilinden (near Berlin) and remote work (within Germany) is possible. Start date April 2023
Job Description:
Work with the DEATCH & Northern Europe FP&A team to deliver performance insights to the regional Senior Management team and central Core Markets FP&A team, enabling optimal decision making.
Support the regular finance reporting cycles (weekly, monthly, quarterly) to produce analytical dashboards, reviews of monthly business performance, quarterly targets, and annual budget for the DEATCH and Northern Europe regions.
Perform deep dive analyses to understand revenue trends; identify potential business opportunities/risks.
Support central Core Markets and other regional FP&A teams as required and contribute to specific ad-hoc projects
Drive best practices and identify areas of improvement and make recommendations to optimize processes or analytics tools.
Requirements:
Skills & Abilities required:
Comfortable with financial and analytical modelling.
Advanced knowledge of MS Office package (Excel and PowerPoint).
Fluent in English.
Like to play with numbers, solve problems and learn by doing.
Have high attention to details and work in a clear, structured, and organised way.
Can multi-task and manage priorities and timeline to deliver and “get things done” in a fast-paced, dynamic, and challenging environment.
Feel accountable for own responsibilities.
Thrive evolving as a team player and in a multi-cultural environment.
Solid interpersonal, writing and communication skills to manage stakeholders and convey clear and relevant messages to decision makers.
Familiarity with SQL/Essbase/Thinkcell is a plus.
Education required:
Currently enrolled or recently graduated from a leading school/university
Have a strong interest in and general knowledge of the Payment industry, Fintech companies and more broadly Internet/e-commerce.
What we offer
A supportive and diverse environment that allows our employees to thrive and learn.
Flexible working.
Attractive compensation and benefits.
Future career opportunities with international exposure via PayPal’s network of global locations.
A diverse and inclusive working environment.
A socially innovative company that helps communities worldwide through charitable giving or donation of time.
From the moment that you join our team we aspire to make your employment experience an outstanding and engaging one. The PayPal family is passionate and proud of our company. It is this vigor and attitude that helps us execute well, every day. If you are enthusiastic and thrive in a collaborative and friendly environment then we invite you to learn more, explore opportunities
Our Benefits:
At PayPal, we’re committed to building an equitable and inclusive global economy. And we can’t do this without our most important asset—you. That’s why we offer benefits to help you thrive in every stage of life. We champion your financial, physical, and mental health by offering valuable benefits and resources to help you care for the whole you.
We have great benefits including a flexible work environment, employee shares options, health and life insurance and more.
PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
As part of PayPal’s commitment to employees’ health and safety, we have established in-office Covid-19 protocols and requirements, based on expert guidance. Depending on location, this might include a Covid-19 vaccination requirement for any employee whose role requires them to work onsite. Employees may request reasonable accommodation based on a medical condition or religious belief that prevents them from being vaccinated.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €