Jobs by email
Continental AG
(Senior) Software Engineer - ADAS Visualization Functions (m/f/diverse)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
As an engineering and production partner, Continental Engineering Services (CES) develops customized solutions for technologically challenging tasks in automotive and industrial industries. Become a part of a strong team and help us ensure that future mobility becomes more user-friendly, drive-efficient, safe and comfortable.
Job Description
For the Business Segment Driver Assistance & Automated Driving within Continental Engineering Services GmbH (CES) we are looking for new colleagues.
We strengthen our team in the field of ADAS / AD "Visualisation Functions" at our location in Frankfurt.
The tasks are:
Versatile applications in projects with varying scope and maturity
Participation in the development of modern series solutions in the field of visualization and SurroundView systems
Application of proven automotive technology to other markets such as agriculture, construction machinery, public transport etc.
Driving innovation and new developments
Assumption of responsibility (architecture, CI, test management) according to experience and development level
Active participation in team organization and defining our scope
Developing and guiding (junior) team members to further strengthen us
Technical support of acquisition, quotation preparation and cost estimation
Qualifications
Completed studies in computer science, electrical engineering, mechatronics or a similar qualification
First experiences in software development, ideally in the automotive sector or similar
Experience with visualization functions, computer graphics, computer vision, camera systems is desirable
Experience in agile development or in roles of agile teams is an advantage
Very good German and English skills (written and spoken)
Very good problem-solving ability and result-oriented way of working
Proactive attitude and hands-on mentality
Open and friendly personality
Strong communication and team skills
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We offer
A pleasant working atmosphere, characterized by professional and personal appreciation
Extensive design possibilities and independent work in an international working environment characterized by flat hierarchies
Numerous opportunities for personal development
Dynamic team with great team spirit
You would like to learn more about our additional services?
Click here: https://www.continental.com/en/career/working-at-continental/what-we-offer/
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Breitlacherstraße 94, 60489 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -