Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Developer - image processing (m/f/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 18 hours ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will develop innovative functions for our software solution 
You develop software components for the efficient processing of image processing
You will develop software based on the .NET Framework (C#, Multithreading, etc.).
You will be a part of the entire development process (such as requirements analysis, design, implementation, documentation and unit testing)
You will work on innovative solutions in a motivated, agile team
You will break system designs down into logical parts 
You will test, or debug, the code and rewriting if necessary
You will write code to integrate new or existing systems
Ihr Profil
You have a degree in computer science / informatics / mathematics or a comparable qualification 
You have several years of professional experience as a software engineer (m/f/d) in a similar field
You have knowledge in finding solutions for complex technological problems
You have experience in writing code and reviewing the code from others
You have experience in .NET Framework and in agile development environments
You have experience with Multithreading, CUDA or OpenCL and Qt; ideally you have some experience in C++ or Python
You are a highly team-oriented, independent and organized way of working
You have Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed
You are fluent in English
Wenn Sie mehr über diese Stelle erfahren möchten, wenden Sie sich bitte an recruiting.iqr@zeiss.com.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.