Jobs by email
ING Deutschland
IT Security Engineer (f/m/x)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
The ING is Germany’s third largest retail bank.
 IT Security Engineer (f/m/x) in Berlin 
 IT security is your profession and passion at the same time, and you already have the big picture in mind? You appreciate team success as well as transparent communication and would like to develop professionally? Perfect! As an innovative digital bank, we value exactly that: respectful cooperation, personal and professional development, and interactions at eye level. Enrich our Expertise "Platform Engineering" and shape our IT security!
Your Tasks
Together with your dynamic and expert-laden team you maintain cloud-based platform services as well as constantly improve them. With a hands-on approach you refine and implement our IT risk standards and requirements for public cloud, networks, and applications, integrate and maintain IT security workflows for our software development lifecycle and IT platform operations and strengthen our platform security posture. Moreover, you expand security events monitoring coverage, create, maintain, and deliver IT security evidence to the second line of defense, and propel us forward with internal as well as external audits. You support the usage of best security practices in product development and QA teams as well as the automation of security scans and the remediation of their findings.
Your Profile
In-depth understanding of security concepts of operating system, containers, and orchestration systems (Cloud, Kubernetes)
Working experience in Microsoft Azure cloud services and security products
Practice in methods and tools for web and infrastructure penetration testing
Know-how in identity access management and network security and understanding of Azure DevOps and Terraform
Fit in Python and/or Bash
Able to communicate community security concepts to a broad audience
Fluent in English, written and spoken
We offer many benefits
Company pension plan, capital-building offers, regional public transportation ticket & bicycle leasING, company restaurant
Remote working depending on the position and department and in line with the company, regulatory and legal requirements; individualized work schedule models, sabbatical, subsidization of nursing & childcare costs
Personal budget for continuing education and development as well as health; plus, a personal budget to set up your mobile working space
At ING we are colorful and diverse: different personalities with different perspectives - an international culture where we value and appreciate each other. We believe in substance over style, people instead of labels.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ING Deutschland
Köpenicker Straße 40-41, 10179 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates