Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Internship in Marketing & Sales Mercedes-Benz Cars Overseas starting August 2023
Stuttgart
Internship
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002H0J
Tasks
Mercedes-Benz Cars Overseas is one of the five sales regions of Mercedes-Benz AG and is thus responsible, among other things, for sales and marketing in over 170 linguistically, geographically and economically different countries. Our region extends from South America to Central and Eastern Europe, Africa, the Middle East to Asia and Australia.
In our department you get the opportunity to get insights into the exciting world of data. In addition, you will also come across the very latest topics such as Data Lake, Refinement Layer and Dashboard Development.
As the head office, we are responsible for the management of the overseas markets, including regular communication and coordination with the individual markets, as well as the implementation of sales projects. Our team forms the interface between field organization in the markets and headquarters.
We offer you:
The opportunity to participate in various data projects in international cooperation with internal and external partners
Insight into the topics of data governance and data management from the point of view of the head office (Overseas region) and in close cooperation with the markets
Insights into future-relevant technologies and tools, such as Data Lake, Salesforce, PowerBI
Insights into the global sales processes in relation to data, as well as into the sales funnel and the topic of lead management
Freedom to contribute your own ideas to enforce the data community, with the aim of strengthening the data culture and data stewardship
The opportunity to gain experience in dealing with digital sales tools as well as to help shape the digitization of our sales processes
An environment that supports interdisciplinary and independent work and expressly wishes it
These challenges await you:
Cooperation in an interdisciplinary project environment with direct contact to the department
Participation in data management projects in close cooperation with our business partners
Support in data quality assurance and data validation through analysis of data and digital KPIs in reports
Participation in the implementation of guidelines and processes in the area of data management and data governance within the Mercedes-Benz Group
Project support activities such as preparation and follow-up of project dates, as well as preparation of presentations, decision and communication documents
Support in the design of the data community in the social intranet, as well as cooperation and planning of data stewardship activities
Qualifications
Course of study in Economics, Business Administration, Business Informatics or a comparable course of study
Confident German and English skills in spoken and written
Confident handling of MS Office as well as IT and Internet affinity, PowerBI knowledge is an advantage, SQL knowledge is an advantage, Adobe Photoshop or Adobe Illustrator knowledge is an advantage
Affinity for data and interest in technology topics such as Data Catalog, Data & Analytics, Data Governance, Data Management and Data Quality
High creative drive and creative problem-solving competence
Independent and responsible work
Intercultural competence
Commitment and initiative, pronounced analytical and conceptual skills
Methodical way of working with high creativity
Communication and team skills
Additional information:
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, certificate of enrollment, current performance record, relevant certificates, if applicable proof of mandatory internship and the standard period of study (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
Please find the criteria of employment here.
Citizens of countries outside the European Trade Union please send, if applicable, your residence / work permit.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-zentrale@mercedes-benz.com
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the Ch at-Bot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
70565 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.