Jobs by email
Schneidereit GmbH
PHP Developer (m/w/d)
Solingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
PHP DEVELOPER - (m/w/d)
Solingen / countrywide, Germany
The company has four Guiding Principles to guide the behaviors and culture, that will allow us to deliver on our strategy:
Be Customer Obsessed – You are focused on delivering value to the customers, both internal and external
Build Trust – You are accountable and deliver on your commitments. You welcome healthy debates and honest conversations. You are honest - especially about your mistakes and learn from your setbacks. You collaborate and enable others to deliver.
Be Bold – You take action to deliver better outcomes. You seek diversity and inclusion by actively pursuing diverse perspectives and creating an inclusive environment. You bring new ideas to the table and take risks with confidence, supporting courageous decision-making that inspires progress and growth.
Act Sustainably – You consider the growth and development of our people to be as important as preserving our environment and take decisions that reflect our effort to build a better future. You always act ethically.
ABOUT THE JOB
You enrich our team and enjoy the further development of our product. You always have an eye for our customers and optimize processes. Get directly involved, question and shape the future together with us.
ABOUT YOUR TASKS
Application of agile software development requirements
Analysis in close customer contact
Active use of PHP, SQL, Javascript, HTML, CSS
Maintenance, care and further development of our product: T.R.A.C. / Time Recording System
Software programming for our time tracking terminals
Participation in app development for Android and iOS
Strengthen our team with heart and mind
ABOUT YOU
Completed degree in computer science or completed vocational training as an IT specialist
Preferably with professional experience in application development
Relevant programming experience with PHP 7 and the latest version
Knowledge of app development for Android and iOS
Good knowledge of SQL, Javascript, HTML, CSS
Fluent in spoken and written german
A healthy dose of humour and enthusiasm
ABOUT OUR BENEFITS
Fair compensation and benefits package in line with the market
Flexible hybrid workplace that includes remote and in-office roles
Room to express your potential, develop and strengthen your competences
Continuous learning opportunities
Diversified, multi-cultural environment
Exciting and challenging job in an internationally operating company
Friendly colleagues who like to laugh and a very good working atmosphere
Systematic induction and further training opportunities
30 days holiday, team events, Urban Sports membership and job bike
Health checks covered, free hot and cold drinks and fresh fruit
Collegiality, fun at work and team spirit
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Schneidereit GmbH
Kärntener Straße 19, 42697 Solingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -