Jobs by email
BMW Group
System Integrator - Software Platform Automated Driving (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 hours ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Software Development team in München is currently seeking a
System Integrator - Software Platform Automated Driving (f/m/x)
Tasks
TAKE A TRIP ON THE REAL SUPERHIGHWAY.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
More than 90% of automotive innovations are based on electronics and software. That's why creative freedom and lateral thinking are so important in the pursuit of truly new solutions. Naturally, this includes flexible working models, so that our IT specialists are free to go in unconventional directions.
Our department leads the development and integration of the software platform for the electronic control units for automated driving at BMW. We develop a multi Software platform, including POSIX operating system, middleware and BMW specific infrastructure components, with the goal of reusability and extensibility across generations.
What awaits you?
For the software platform you are responsible for planning, guiding and doing the technical integration of complex cross-domain software functionality into a stable overall software platform.
You coordinate all relevant deliveries from all involved platform domains and create a cross domain consistent software delivery for integration.
You are responsible for all parts of the overall integration, coming from both internal and external sources. This includes especially the responsibility for in-time delivery, quality, and correct functionality.
Being responsible for definition, establishing and extension of the technical integration process, you lead the process across the domains.
You guide and steer the developers of new software in bootstrapping their parts in the context of the overall platform as well as assess the integration status of the overall system and escalate if needed.
Finally, you are also proactively proposing enhancements in the integration process of the overall software platform.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in computer science or a comparable field of study.
Professional working experience in software development in an agile environment.
Experience in the organization of distributed software development projects with knowledge of project management tools (e.g. Jira, Octane, etc.), ideally in the automotive domain.
Profound knowledge of automotive driver assistance systems and ECU platform software (esp. Linux/ QNX, Adaptive Autosar, Automotive Communication Technology and stacks, e.g. SOME/IP, as well as Performance & Stability tools and methods).
Solid knowledge of continuous integration platforms and tools (e.g. Openstack, Zuul, Bazel, Jenkins).
Knowledge of automotive and system analysis tooling (e.g. Vector CANOE, Lauterbach HW Debugger, Wireshark, etc.).
Business-fluent English.
You enjoy working in an international team? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 89414
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.