Jobs by email
ZEISS
Project Manager Remote Services (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
We are looking for people who are keen to try something new:
Your role:
Support the scale up of the Smart Service Solution to accomplish targets of connected devices and drive feature alignment across devices.
Support the setup of new processes such as Predictive, Preventive Maintenance and Device Health Monitoring together with Service BU.
Drive feature and road-map alignment across device teams for business’ visibility and transparency. Act as an interface to Carl ZEISS Meditec as well as corporate and external stakeholders for new and existing Remote Service features.
Support and interface to Sales, Marketing, Training Academy, QA, Regulatory, Security for Remote Service topics.
Drive phase in of ZSS 2.0 and phase out of ZSS 1.0, together with the SSCs and the Remote Service Team.
Managing process development and implementation project progress and adapt work as required
Ihr Profil
You have successfully completed your studies in software engineering, computer science or business administration with a focus on IT and Technology.
minimum five years of experience in project or program management ideally in the regulated environment of medical technology.
Proven familiarity with digital technology and concepts like IoT, Condition Monitoring, Predictive Maintenance, IT Integration.
Previous experience with digital solutions and familiar with stakeholder alignment and process development.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work in a matrix organization. Strong ability to communicate and work in a team as well as a high degree of initiative and commitment.
Experience in remote support and condition monitoring is a plus.
IT Service delivery and support experience is a plus.
Familiarity and experience with concepts such as Agile,, Scaled, Lean, ITIL, PMP methodologies and ISO27001 standard will be a plus.
You are fluent in business English and have basic skills in German.
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.