Jobs by email
tesa SE
Global Data Scientist (m/f/x)
Hamburg, Norderstedt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 7 hours ago
Show salary
Save
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full-time
What you will do
Develop innovative data engineers & data science applications to solve real-world business problems
Collaborate with other data analysts, data engineers, data scientists in a cross-functional team
Be a data navigator for other departments to integrate data & build smart algorithms
Prepare and analyze data to optimize our models and algorithms
Work in an agile environment with varied tasks
Be the master of our Snowflake, Snowpark and Streamlit application
What you will need
Master’s degree / PhD in a relevant field, including data science, (business) informatics, software engineering, economics, statistics, physics and mathematics. Other educational backgrounds are welcome to apply, especially with relevant work experience.
Good understanding of statistics and advanced machine learning algorithms
Several years of hands-on experience with different data science use-cases
Solid Python skills and an affinity to write clean, well-documented code
Prior experience in modular programming
Good SQL skills
Git fundamentals, ideally experience with using CI/CD pipelines and working with separate environments
Fluency in English. German and other languages are beneficial
What you can expect
At tesa, we create sustainable adhesive solutions that improve the work, products and lives of our customers.
How we do it? At tesa, we dare to create! Therefore, we team up, we challenge ourselves and we set the pace. But we don’t just do that somehow. We act responsibly and always focus on our customers. Because only then we are able to achieve our goals and continuously improve our results.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and regard diversity as important for our long-term success. We expressly reject all forms of direct and indirect discrimination. All qualified applicants will be equally considered for employment regardless of their national origin, background, personal preferences and believes.
By applying you consent for the use of your resume for future opportunities within tesa.
If you want to find out more about tesa please visit us on our corporate web-page www.tesa.com and social media.
We offer:
Attractive remuneration
Flexible working
Further education and development perspectives
Interdisciplinary and cross-departmental career opportunities
Occupational pension provision
Numerous offers for employees, such as health promotion, sports and leisure activities, employee discounts, and much more (including tesa Bike, the company's own fitness studio, prevention options)
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
tesa SE
Norderstedt, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates