Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Firmware Developer (f/m/div.)
Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sicherheitssysteme Engineering GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Nürnberg
Your tasks
In your position you develop firmware and embedded software for video systems and take on programming tasks in the field of smart video.
The development of cross-platform technologies in C++ for the analysis, compression, recording, playback, and processing of digital video in IP networks is part of your task.
You will perform development tasks with a focus on network protocols, video and audio codecs, embedded software, and software development kits.
You will work in an international team of experienced developers.
Your profile
Education: University degree in electrical engineering, computer science, mathematics or a comparable qualification.
Personality and Working Practice: communicative, flexible and a team player mentality. In addition, an independent, self-reliant as well as structured way of working. A conceptual and analytical understanding in an environment characterized by agility is a plus.
Experience and Knowledge: relevant technical knowledge in software development, preferably in the area of embedded software. Very good programming skills in C and C++ as well as in Linux. Experience in video compression, network protocols and cybersecurity is an advantage.
Languages: very good English skills in spoken and written, German skills are an advantage.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Nordring 69, 90409 Nürnberg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.