Jobs by email
SCHOTT AG
SAP Project Manager*
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
SCHOTT is a leading international technology group in the areas of specialty glass and glass-ceramics. With more than 130 years of outstanding development, materials and technology expertise we offer a broad portfolio of high-quality products and intelligent solutions. SCHOTT is an innovative enabler for many industries, including the home appliance, pharmaceutical, electronics, optics, life sciences, automotive and aviation industries. SCHOTT strives to play an important part of everyone's life and is committed to innovation and sustainable success. The parent company, SCHOTT AG, has its headquarters in Mainz (Germany) and is solely owned by the Carl Zeiss Foundation. As a foundation company, SCHOTT assumes special responsibility for its employees, society and the environment.
Become #oneofus - and start your career at SCHOTT.
You successfully manage large scale SAP projects? You enjoy working in an international set-up? The complexity of an international technology group that produces, processes and sells specialty glass and glass-ceramics in 34 countries excites and motivates you?
Then please accept our challenge and join our Project Management Team as SAP Project Manager*, based at our headquarters in Mainz.
Your Contribution
You take over the full lifecycle project management from concept to delivery and benefit realization
You manage and deliver SAP projects in time, budget, quality and are able to deal with resource constraints
You manage the project staff professionally
You execute active stakeholder management and communication towards IT and customer management
You create decision templates, prepare and conduct Steering Committee meetings
You work independently within your scope of action considering the framework of existing standards and processes
Your Profile
You have an university degree in Business administration, Business Informatics, Industrial Engineering or a comparable education
You have at least 5 years of significant professional experience in the management of SAP projects within the industry sector
Proven competence in project management and, if possible, a common certification in project management (IPMA, PMI)
You show good knowledge of various SAP modules (MM/PP/SD); S/4 Hana knowledge is desirable
You have good analytical skills and are result oriented with a high customer focus
Experience in agile project management and process modelling tools (Visio / Signavio) are beneficial
You are able to communicate effectively on different hierarchy levels
Your English and German (minimum B2 Level) is excellent, and you show professional presentation and communication skills
Your Benefits
At SCHOTT, you can expect a unique corporate culture where we emphasize equity, diversity and inclusion. We know: motivated and committed employees are the condition for the success of our company.
Please feel free to contact us
You can expect interesting tasks and challenging projects, as well as motivated and friendly teams in fields that influence our future. Do you want to be successful with us? Then, please send us your application: SCHOTT AG, Human Resources, Nadine Opp+496131662610
*At SCHOTT, it's your personality that counts - not your gender, your identity, or origin.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
SCHOTT AG
55122 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates