Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Software Engineer for AI (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
Bosch has one of the leading industrial competence centers for cutting-edge and applied AI. Our global teams create and deploy together with Bosch divisions AI solutions across Bosch products and services that are "invented for life".
Join our team and work with data scientists to build scalable and reliable AI solutions.
You will contribute to product development, create tools for our end users and directly impact new as well as exciting AI solutions that will change Bosch's products and processes.
Furthermore, you take ownership of specific components and make them reliable as well as scalable.
In addition, you participate in the operation of the services, take end-to-end responsibility and foster the software engineering culture in our team together with your teammates.
You value the principles of the Agile Manifesto, want to continually grow your skills and support your colleagues in improving theirs.
Last but not least, you take pride in writing and delivering production-ready code. In Our team, you will work with various levels of management and technical staff.
Your profile
Education: excellent degree (Bachelor/Master) in Computer Science or a related field
Experience and Knowledge: many years of professional experience in software development, knowledge of some modern programming languages, ideally Python, general understanding of machine learning methods and experience developing software in AI or data-centric domains, proven cloud experience (ideally on Microsoft Azure) and ability to write clean, maintainable, production-ready code, expertise in writing unit tests, proven experience working with web development frameworks (ex. Fastapi or Flask, for example) and creating elegant REST APIs, as well as working with relational and no-SQL databases (e.g. MongoDB, PostgreSQL) and integrating software engineering best practices into your daily work (e.g. code reviews, CI/CD, testing, operations), ability to participate in the architecture of software systems and develop implementation proposals
Personality and Working Practice: team-oriented, independent, reliable, motivated and ability to communicate and to coach other team members
Enthusiasm: keen to learn new technologies and share knowledge
Languages: fluent in English (written and spoken)
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.