Jobs by email
BSI GROUP LIMITED
Information Security Auditor - ISO27001 ((m/w/d)/x)
bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
We are…
... BSI - a globally active service company for standard development, auditing, certification and training with headquarters in London. At BSI, we test and evaluate management systems and products worldwide according to internationally valid standards. In addition, our service portfolio includes versatile training courses, innovative software solutions and cyber security services. With our holistic model on organisational resilience, we help companies to grow more resilient in the long term. We are active in all sectors: for example, in the aerospace, automotive and food industries, as well as in the construction, energy, healthcare, IT and retail sectors. As the world's first national standards organisation and with more than 100 years of experience, we are a global partner for 86,000 companies and organisations in over 193 countries.
Your tasks
We are looking for…
… a Client Manager ISO 27001 (m/f/x) to support our DACH Team as soon as possible, covering the following tasks:
As a Client Manager, you carry out assessments of clients' Management Systems to ensure that they meet the requirements of International Standards such as ISO 27001, IT-Sikat, TISAX and other standards where appropriately trained.
Undertake the assessment of clients in accordance with BSI requirements.
Make presentations and prepare assessment reports outlining the findings of the assessment to ensure client understanding of the assessment decision and clear direction to particular items of corrective action where appropriate.
Recommend the issue, re-issue or withdrawal of certificates, and report recommendations in accordance with BSI policy, procedures and prescribed time frame.
For the portfolio of clients allocated, establish and develop an effective partnership, which secures the commercial relationship and encourages opportunities for business development and increased client satisfaction.
Provide accurate and prompt information to support services, working closely with them to ensure that client records are up to date and complete and that all other internal information requirements are met.
In co-operation with Planning & Logistics and other operations functions, plan/schedule workloads to make best use of own time and maximise revenue-earning activity.
Lead assessment teams as required ensuring that team members are adequately briefed so that quality of service is maintained and that effective working relationships are sustained both with Clients and within the team.
Support and coach colleagues as appropriate especially where those members are inexperienced assessors or unfamiliar with clients' business/technology and assist in the induction and coaching of new colleagues as requested.
Your profile
Your profile…
... shows us you are a team player (m/f/x) who enjoys a structured way of working and has a "can-do attitude". You also bring the following background with you:
At least 3 years of professional experience with a focus on information security and risk management as well as knowledge of relevant guidelines and laws.
Relevant experience and knowledge with management systems, Internet of Things (IoT) and cyber security desirable
Preferably trained as a lead auditor or qualified as a 3rd party auditor
Experience in auditing and certification in the field of information security
Ideally professional experience in the IT sector and automotive sector
Analytical thinking and structured approach
Good command of written and spoken German and English
High willingness to travel (also internationally)
What we offer
What we offer…
... many opportunities to develop yourself further and to unfold as freely and responsibly as possible. You can expect:
a responsible and varied job in an international environment
flat hierarchies (you-culture) and short decision-making processes in order to process orders profitably as quickly as possible
a comprehensive and systematic induction
flexible working hours within the framework of trust-based working hours
a generous allowance for your capital-forming benefits and a company pension scheme
a variety of attractive employee benefits such as changing offers from different brands
the opportunity to get involved in various social projects in the BSI Social Club
30 days annual leave
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €