Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Software Developer Operating Systems and Networks (f/m/x)
, Jena,
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Are you looking for a new challenge? Are you interested in seeing beyond? As Senior Software Developer Operating Systems & Networks you will get the chance to make a difference and adapt to a new role. Your main goal will be to develop and transition complex control and user software in the field of ophthalmology.
You will have various interesting tasks:
play a part in the development of very innovative medical products
define and create secure operating system configurations for medical devices (Windows, Linux)
monitor and analyze cybersecurity alerts
perform and evaluate vulnerability scans
create security patches for the operating system of medical devices
support development of secure network solutions of medical devices
Ihr Profil
successfully completed diploma or Master’s degree (e.g. Computer Science) or a comparable qualification
experience in the configuration of operating systems (Windows, Linux)
experience in TLS encryption and public key infrastructure
reliability, team-orientation and a solution-oriented way of working
motivation to use and expand your skills in order to develop top notch software solutions
good language skills in German and English
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
07745 Jena, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.