Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Project Manager / Product Owner for Retina Robotics (m/w/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 hours ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Join us and shape the software future of ophthalmology. It is our mission to contribute to the progress of medicine, enabling more efficient and cost-effective treatments and providing access to high-quality medical care to as many people as possible.
You will play a crucial role in actively driving our global solutions for Retina Robotics Solution, contributing to the improvement of patients’ vision around the globe together with our agile development team and our product release program. Based on the user needs and in close alignment with product management, you define product features as well as detailed and granular user stories or tasks and prioritize them in your team’s backlog to maximize the product increment’s value. You will execute the overall program priorities in close alignment with all the other stakeholders and maintaining the conceptual and technical integrity of the features or components for the team. You are also responible for the product and software development process and documentation that also includes quality management and regulatory processes and related documentation. You coordinate with relevant stakeholders (e.g., quality management, clinical affairs), that help you to plan, develop, and launch the next versions of a highly challenging and interesting digital medical retina solution.
Your role:
As a Software Project Manager:
Program and software project management activities (e.g., breaking down a product roadmap into deliverables and versions, project planning with quality gates and milestones required for medical software)
Leading your agile development team
Planning, creation, and review of product documentation for regulatory approval (FDA 510(k), MDR) in compliance with IEC 62304, ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62366, ISO 27001 standards.
Preparation of project and budget plans including project controlling and external contracting
Coordinating project plans and product requirements (features) with stakeholders (e.g., quality management, UX/UI, localization, regulatory and clinical teams)
As a Product Owner:
Product Owner responsibility for your agile development team (e.g., backlog management, creation/refinement/planning of Epics/User Stories including detailed requirement specifications for product documentation)
Alignment with product management, UX/UI, Localization, and other domain experts on product design, conceptualization, user feedback and consideration in the development backlog
Program planning activities (i.e., Program Increment planning preparation, reviews, product demos etc.) in close collaboration and coordination with product management, project manager, peer product owners and other stakeholders
Ihr Profil
University degree in medical physics, computer science, engineering, business informatics, business in
formation systems engineering, or a relevant adjacent subject; alternatively, a business degree and strong technology and healthcare experience
6 – 8 years of work experience and minimum of 5 years in agile software development of complex products with a proven track record of successfully launched and operated agile projects, ideally in the health care or any other regulated industry ideally in ophthalmology
Knowledge of relevant agile product owner methodologies, such as SCRUM and or SAFE; Furthermore, you are skilled in balancing risk with time-to-market objectives.
Technical knowledge about Software Application Development and Cloud Solutions
Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment as well as empathic way to collaborate with peers
Excellent communication and collaborative skills to work with cross-functional teams and a proven attitude to work towards and achieve shared goals
Knowledge and experience on the entire release process of a software product from conceptual design until it reaches the market.
Fluent in business English and German;
Excellent writing style to present and communicate complex issues in an understandable manner
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sabrina Rieker (sabrina.rieker@zeiss.com)
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.