Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Statistical Modelling Scientist within Advanced Autonomous Systems (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
Criticality metrics are key to any autonomous system. Our research group develops novel groundbreaking metrics to assess the state of the autonomous system at design- and runtime.
If you are open-minded and have the willingness to dive into a complex topic, we may have the perfect position for you.
As part of our team you define figure of merits for the reliability of our automated driving software stack.
You develop cutting-edge stochastic approaches for safe and robust automated systems.
Furthermore, you take an active role in establishing novel ways of dealing with the safety aspects of the vehicle behaviour.
You work in an agile and diverse research team with exchange across several projects. In addition, you contribute to the scientific community with publications on top tier conferences and journals.
Last but not least, you validate and evaluate your approaches both in simulation and on real world data.
Your profile
Education: Master degree in the field of Computer Science, Mathematics, Robotics or Electrical Engineering with excellent academic achievements, preferably with a PhD
Experience and Knowledge: in stochastics, automated driving systems and/or robotics as well as expertise in software development using C++ or Python and ROS, experience with behaviour planning is a plus
Personality and Working Practice: a highly self-motivated, positive, goal-oriented and open-minded team player
Enthusiasm: passionate about research and the development of solutions for real-world problems
Languages: very good in English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.