Jobs by email
Leadec Beteiligungen GmbH
SAP SuccessFactors Integration Expert (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Leadec
As service specialists  to the manufacturing industries, we put our heart and soul into what we do. Our customers have been relying on us for more than 60 years now. Our expertise focuses on the factory of today and tomorrow and corresponding infrastructure. With our maintenance, technical cleaning, facility management and logistics as well as production planning, automation and production IT services provided in the background, we make sure our customers’ production runs smoothly. And how do we do that? We are people who get things done. We are problem solvers, all-rounders and we are great at dealing with emergencies where necessary. But above all, we are about 20,000 colleagues here to help.
For our Global HR IT team in Stuttgart, which is part of our Global Business Applications department and specifically taking care of and developing our HR applications and tools, we are looking for a  
SAP SuccessFactors Integration Expert (m/f/d)
 VISBSTU3363
Your Mission
Tackling tasks: Responsibility for the integration of SAP SuccessFactors within our IT System landscape
Driving progress: Helping drive the digital transformation of the HR business processes
Taking responsibility: Evaluating, implementing and ensuring a stable data integration and replication between SAP SuccessFactors and the different Leadec systems, e.g., Payroll, ERP, CRM, Active Directory
Living cooperation: Collaborating with the different stakeholders to design and/or optimize the interfaces between SAP SuccessFactors and other IT systems
 Your Profile
Qualification: Successfully completed studies in computer science or a comparable qualification
Experience: Several years of practical experience in company-wide SAP SuccessFactors integrations
Know-How: Good knowledge of SAP SuccessFactors, BTP, ABAP, BIB, ALE, BAPI, RFC, IDOC and/or SOA
Language skills: Good command of English and German
Personality: Team player with good communication skills
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Leadec Beteiligungen GmbH
Meitnerstraße 11, 70563 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -