Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Engineer Digital ASIC Design (f/m/div.)
Dresden
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Reutlingen
Your tasks
Your tasks will include the design, partitioning and implementation of SoC ASICs with uC architectures from requirements development through concept generation, RTL implementation and verification to digital layout.
In doing so, You will implement state-of-the-art design-for-test techniques and leverage IP blocks available on the market in collaboration with external and internal service providers.
Furthermore, You will manage the entire implementation from concept to verification with the support of the external service providers as well as the relevant internal stakeholders.
The coordination of international and national cooperation of many sites is part of Your daily business.
This vacancy can be filled in Dresden as well as in Reutlingen
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (Master/Diploma/PhD), in electrical engineering, computer science or an equivalent subject
Personality: independent, reliable, team player, assertive
Working Practice: structured, organized, quick perception
Experience and Knowledge: several years of professional experience; experience in the areas of digital ASIC design, IP integration, firmware, digital layout integration, digital on top, UPF & verification or DfT; experience in the automotive environment; knowledge of Functional Safety ISO26262
Languages: business fluent German and English, both written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Ring 1, 01109 Dresden, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.