Jobs by email
Schneider Electric GmbH
Software Developer (f/m/d)
Marktheidenfeld, Lahr
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
I'm interested
Save
97828 Marktheidenfeld (Bavaria) or 77933 Lahr (Baden Wurttemberg) & Mobile Office
We at Schneider Electric are involved everywhere. From transformer substations to sockets, from smart homes to industry 4.0 – we are pushing ahead with digitization. Our customers know what they have in us and our 144,000 employees in over 100 countries. Always with the big picture in mind, sustainability and our employees in mind, we offer far more than products – we offer solutions, customer proximity and innovation.
We are looking for a Software Developer (f/m/d) working inside the software domain at our location in Marktheidenfeld or Lahr. This position combines the software development for machine automation and upcoming technologies as IoT, digitization, and Industry 4.0 as part of the software system architecture.
Join our team and be significantly involved in the shape of the future of our Engendering Software development!
  Life Is On – what about you?
Your work field
For international projects, develop architecture and design activities related to the PC and cloud based engineering software.
Analyze and understand marketing requirements.
Specify, adapt and enhance the software architecture to fulfil software requirement (features, ease of use, performance and robustness), working closely with firmware engineers and system architects.
Technical understanding of machine automation, fieldbuses and network
Develop prototypes to prove architecture choices against key requirements.
Contribute to the definition of project development plans, mainly in the following areas: workload estimates, integration plans, test strategies.
Participate to the development of functions or components (design, testing) with commitments on content, quality, delays, performance and costs.
Support the development team during project design, verification and validation steps.
Be involved in maintenance activities, especially on issues raised by customers, ensuring a high level of reactivity to solve them.
Investigate, deploy new technologies to increase the skills and the efficiency of the team in development. 
Our offer
You will be part of a growing company with a positive industry reputation, who is a recognized leader in a market where energy services are in demand.
You will be joining an entrepreneurial company with a positive corporate culture and strong team culture.
We offer a competitive salary and bonus opportunities with excellent benefits.
Thanks to the flex@work model, you are flexible in terms of working location (mobile office & presence in Marktheidenfeld or Lahr) and working hours, so that you have time for family and hobbies.
You may develop different interests in the future? With Schneider Electric, you have all the development opportunities an international group can provide.
Your profile
Completed B.Sc. or higher degree (technical university) in Informatics or comparable
First experience in software development and project execution is beneficial as well as knowledge in core software technologies and software architecture design patterns, experience in design & development of enterprise scale applications
The ideal candidate will already have knowledge in one of the following areas:
Design: Well versed with design patterns, good experience in design & development of desktop, web, and cloud native applications
App development: C#, .NET Core, Entity Framework Core, PowerShell, HTML5, Typescript/JS, Node JS, Angular, Vue, React
Database: one or more of MS SQL, Document DB,  RDF DB, Data Lake
Cloud: Azure/AWS (SAAS, PAAS, IAAS and development), Containers/Docker, Kubernetes
Source Control & Mgmt.: GitHub, Azure Devops, Git/SVN, Github Actions / CICD
It would be advantageous, if you have experiences in one of the following tasks:
Knowhow sharing for internal and external project contributor
Project execution following the agile method
Cyber Security, Threat Modelling, Secure development
Translating business/product requirements to engineering requirements
System level & functional level architecture and design
Ability to influence/convince on right technology choice and solution approaches
Experience or knowledge about Industrial Automation Domain is a big plus
Ability to work inside an international team
Structured and accurate method of operation
Being motivated, independent and committed
Good oral and written communication skills in English, German is a big plus
Your next step? Apply, of course!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.