Jobs by email
ING Deutschland
Frontend Developer (f/m/x) Business Banking
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
The ING is Germany’s third largest retail bank.
  Frontend Developer (f/m/x) Business Banking in Frankfurt
  We make over 9 million customers happy every day. No matter whether laws change, technologies continue to develop or customers express new wishes - we remain a reliable constant for our customers. So too for our employees: No matter what surprises life has in store, we are there for them – with the allowances, benefits and development opportunities they need. Does that sound good? Then enrich our IT team „Business Banking“, our developer community is looking forward to work with you!
Your Tasks
With your passion for frontend development, you help us make our products in Business Banking simple, individual and smart. In collaboration with the product owners, designers and customer journey experts, you design innovative solutions and further develop existing banking functions. You review our code, and implement unit and integration tests to continuously keep our quality high. Communication is key: you keep your colleagues up to date, leave no question regarding regulations and security unanswered, and emphasise on the importance of constructive and appreciative exchange. Of course, we can also rely on you for test automation and the monitoring of load tests. You have a lot of room to try out new things. The fact that you are at home in Vue.js, Vuex/Redux lit-html and JavaScript is not only noticed by your peers, it also makes your collaboration in all agile banking and IT projects incredibly valuable. Empowerment is an integral part of our corporate culture and we encourage you to take on IT responsibilities.
Your Profile
Degree in (media) computer science or a comparable qualification
Several years of professional experience as a frontend developer
Tech stack: Reactjs, Redux, JavaScript, lit-html
Fit in UI-, UX- and Web & App Design and up to date in new designs, technologies and trends
Know-how of the special requirements of innovative and digital products
Very good abstraction and analysis skills
Solution-oriented, structured and enjoy working in a team
Very good written and spoken English
We offer many benefits
Company pension plan, capital-building offers, regional public transportation ticket & bicycle leasING, company restaurant
Remote working depending on the position and department and in line with the company, regulatory and legal requirements; individualized work schedule models, sabbatical, subsidization of nursing & childcare costs
Personal budget for continuing education and development as well as health; plus, a personal budget to set up your mobile working space
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ING Deutschland
Theodor-Heuss-Allee 2, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates