Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Research Engineer Software Security and Automation (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
As a security researcher at Bosch Research, you will be working in projects that develop innovative security solutions for Bosch products and services. You will engage with Bosch product divisions to understand what is specifically needed and interact with the academic community to identify research results that can be applied to address these needs. You will develop new methods and techniques, identify opportunities for new research topics, publish your work at scientific venues and educate Bosch associates in information security. You can learn more about how Bosch researchers work at bosch.com/research.
Be part of our team and work closely with the Bosch product divisions to understand their specific needs in software security and security automation, as well as technical constraints in their tool- and process-landscapes. You will create new and adapt existing software security techniques to increase security of Bosch products, specifically in embedded and network-facing software.
Futhermore, you will develop new methods to automate security-related tasks across the entire product life cycle – from threat and risk analysis to security concept derivation to implementation validation and verification to security monitoring, vulnerability management and threat intelligence.
As a security researcher, you will study existing tools and best practices as well as new methods and technologies from the academic research community, and adapt them to the specific needs of Bosch products.
You will implement software prototypes to experimentally validate your research ideas and to showcase them to the engineers and management at the Bosch product divisions. You will regularly demonstrate progress to your stakeholders and the Bosch Research leadership team.
In addition, you will turn selected prototypes into code that meets our internal quality standards with the help of our software enablement team.
Last but not least, you will interact with the academic as well as Bosch-internal security community to identify new research questions, technical solutions and collaboration opportunities. You will also actively contribute to our cybersecurity and privacy research strategy. Furthermore, you will educate Bosch associates in cybersecurity and participate in company-wide initiatives to further improve security of our products.
Your profile
Education: PhD in Information Security or professional work experience in this area for many years and experience with academic research (you have published your work at conferences or in journals) 
Experience and Knowledge:
good understanding of main concepts in applied cryptography, software security, and system security, you can prototypically implement advanced concepts in software and perform experimental evaluations, you are comfortable with working on a broad range of security topics from specification to implementation to operations
preferable: good understanding of CI/CD techniques as well as experience with software security tools, methods and best practices, DevOps and DevSecOps, cloud computing as well as professional experience in security engineering and in software development
you will stand out if you are an early contributor to a successful open-source project or a maintainer of a successful open-source project and have worked in an international environment
Enthusiasm: You are passionate about research, eager to learn new things and excited to create impact on the ground
Languages: business fluent in English (written and spoken)
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.