Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Research Group Leader "Natural Language Processing and Neuro-Symbolic AI" (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
Be part of our team and lead an international research group consisting of senior experts, post-doc level research scientists, research engineers, and PhD students in the fields of natural language processing (NLP) and neuro-symbolic AI. You shape research agendas and technology roadmaps in exciting areas of deep learning based NLP and neuro-symbolic AI, with applications across various Bosch business units and plants.
Together with partners at Bosch Corporate Research and Bosch business units, you drive the industrialization of natural-language understanding services and knowledge graphs.
Furthermore, you act as the interface to our excellent network of academic partners worldwide.
Last but not least, you shape the team's culture and identity and support professional and personal development of your team members.
Your profile
Education: excellent PhD in Computer Science, Computational Lingustics, Machine Learning - ideally touching both, Natural Language Processing and Knowledge-Graphs
Personality: self-confident, responsible team player, professional speaking and communication skills across all hierarchy levels and different target audiences
Experience and Knowledge: ideally several years of experience in leading an academic or industrial research team in relevant research domains, product-oriented experience in real-world commercial applications of natural language processing and knowledge graphs, strong publication record and experience in supervision of PhD students and postdocs, proven leadership skills, e.g., as an academic group leader, or via leadership experience in industry
Enthusiasm: motivated to work in and guide an interdisciplinary as well as international team
Languages: excellent English skills spoken and written
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.