Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Aircraft System Architect (d/f/m) - Avionic Joint Team (AJT) Warton (UK)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
In order to support the Eurofighter Avionic Joint Team in UK (Warton), Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a
Front End Developer (d/f/m)
The Eurofighter (EF) Avionic Joint Team (AJT) is a multinational team composed of the Eurofighter Partner Companies (EPCs) Airbus Defence and Space, BAES and Leonardo based at Warton (UK).  It is responsible for the System and Subsystem Design as well as the Qualification and Certification of the EF Avionic System. Front End development activities include requirement elicitation with the customer, the definition of the technical problems space and subsequent development of technical concepts including Human Machine Interface aspects.
Your location
The advertised position requires a secondment/transfer to the UK for a period of at least 3 years.
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten close to the site   
Your tasks and responsibilities
Full responsiblity as Lead engineer for the realisation of new customer required functions
Support of requirements elicitation with customer representatives
Responsibility for the defintion of system requirements as well as an overall design concept and architecture which meets those requirements
Support of the development of the HMI with the respective stakeholders
Validation of architectures using for exemple virtual integration techniques
Initial Safety Assessment to highlight potential areas of concern or new hazards
Lead for the verification of the implementation, operational and in-service evaluation
Responsibiity of the detailed concept development, the PHA generation and the AVS design generation
Desired skills and qualifications
Profound experience in customer relations and management in EF or other projects 
Profound experience of front end development processes in EF or other projects 
In depth knowledge of complex systems and system architectures
Independent and responsibe  memeber of an international team in a multinational project environment
Good written and spoken English
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €