Jobs by email
Heraeus Consulting & IT Solutions GmbH
Devops Engineer (m/f/d)
Hanau
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About Heraeus
Solutions from the Heraeus Group provide faster internet, rid water of germs, and keep hearts beating in time. As a broadly diversified and globally leading family-owned technology company, we combine materials expertise and technological leadership to create the most diverse products, all with one thing in common: World-class quality. Working with customers around the world, we shape the future and provide vital innovations in the areas of environment, electronics, health, and industrial applications. Heraeus is one of the top 10 family-owned companies in Germany and has a team of around 16,200 employees in 40 countries.
The following challenges await you:
As Devops Engineer (m/f/d) you are responsible for the maintenance and improvement of the CI/CD pipeline (Jenkins) of our e-commerce system landscape in an Azure environment.
You will be responsible for our server monitoring and administration in the e-commerce area (Web and Application server)
With your problem-solving mentality you investigate incoming incidents and with your overall system experience you are able to detect root causes
You work closely with the internal network and security departments to secure a successful operation of the environment
Due to your hands-on mentality, you not only lead the way, but also get involved yourself
You improve the operating landscape by identifying missing technical requirements and processes on the e-commerce landscape
Your profile:
You have successfully completed vocational training (e.g. IT specialist for application development) or a degree in computer science
You have several years of professional experience in the e-commerce sector (m/f/d)
You also have experience in scripting (bash, powershell)
You have experience in Linux administration
Experience in GIT (Bitbucket, gitlab, Azure Devops) required
Experience in working with a Cloud environment
What we offer:
Strong salary package – attractive basic salary plus variable profit-sharing (up to 150% target achievement possible) and support for private pension plan
Modern working time arrangements – time sovereignty without time recording, focus on results-oriented work 
Regular time off – 30 days annual leave plus up to 6 additional days off (company closures on bridge days and between years), special leave for special occasions, life phase account for paid time off (e.g. sabbatical, earlier retirement)
Additional benefits – subsidized public transport, discounts in many (online) stores, company medical service with comprehensive preventive medical check-ups, sports facilities and employee canteen with freshly prepared meals every day
Sustainability and social commitment – sustainability as part of the corporate strategy and targeted support for initiatives in the areas of education, family and science through our own foundations
Curious? Apply now!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Heraeus Consulting & IT Solutions GmbH
Heraeusstraße 12 - 14, 63450 Hanau, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -