Jobs by email
Airbus Group
FCAS2023 Flight Simulation Integration Engineer (d/f/m)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
A vacancy for a Flight Simulation Integration Engineer (d/f/m) has arisen within Airbus Defence and Space in Manching.
FCAS - Shaping the future European Air Power
FCAS has the potential to become a future key pillar to secure the sovereignty of Europe, strategically, technologically, and industrially! With Spain joining the Franco-German cooperation, the programme took an important step towards its Europeanization. As FCAS is much more than “just” a new Fighter, but an integrated & combined system-of-systems including existing and future platforms and tools, the programme will integrate a wide range of the Airbus DS portfolio and competencies. Become part of the presumably most important defence programme of the next decades!
In our department we develop top notch, high fidelity engineering and training simulations for a variety of aircraft, supporting the entire development life cycle. We are looking for a 'full-stack' integration engineer with a strong background in software development and hardware/software-in-the-loop simulations (HILS/SILS). In this role you will be responsible for developing simulation components and integrate those into a new engineering flight simulator for the new generation fighter demonstrator. You will work in an international team at our site in Manching, Germany.
You will work in an international environment which require close coordination with internal colleagues, stakeholders and external partner companies.
Your main tasks and responsibilities will include:
Develop simulation software components according to the defined software architecture and defined requirements (from models to tools like code generators) 
Analyse existing components and identify how they could be adopted and integrated
Define in close coordination with the simulation architect the architectural layout of simulation sub-systems 
Setup the simulators including computing infrastructure
Integrate and test simulation / software components
Assist our system engineers in specifying simulation components
Setup and maintain automated Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines
Create software releases
We are looking for candidates with the following skills and experience:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a comparable engineering subject
At least 5 years of professional experience 
Experience in software development and integration
Very good C++, C and Python skills
Experience in the integration and qualification of complex systems
A strong drive to automate as much as possible
Aircraft or Defence Industry experience would be beneficial
English negotiation level, any other language is an asset
Analytical structured thinking  
Ability to work independently and proactively
Disabled applicants with equal qualifications will be given special consideration.
Related technologies:
Visual Display Systems / Image Generation
Hardware / Software in the Loop (HILS/SILS)
Simulation standards, e.g. HLA, ARINC 611, ...
Virtual Engineering
Test Systems
Training Simulators
Synthetic Environments
Life Virtual, Constructive Training
Cloud Computing
Distributed Systems
We offer:
Challenging tasks for/with unique services and products
Pleasant working atmosphere in a professional and international work environment
Comprehensive on-boarding included
Exciting development opportunities and perspectives
Extensive company training offers (eLearning and Classroom Trainings)
Flexible working hours
Compatibility of work and family life
Attractive remuneration
Company Pension Scheme
Good connections to public transport and local parking facilities
Catering facilities on site
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth.
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Manching, Deutschland