Jobs by email
ZEISS
Application Development Engineer (m/f/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Develop solutions to solve metrology and inspection tasks in gear as well as high accuracy applications
Utilize multisensory Coordinate Measuring Machines (CMMs) with tactile and optical sensors
Deep dive in metrology tasks for dimensional, rough- and waviness applications with focus on gear and drivetrain family parts
Consulting of customers in direct client contact with product demos, feasibility studies and projects
Develop concepts for turnkey measurement solutions incl. part loading and fixturing
Close cooperation with global R&D team to develop CMMs hardware and software according to the market requirements with focus on new customer segments
Develop processes for quality inspection and production steering by usage of new sensor systems as well as software
Ihr Profil
University degree in the field of engineering sciences such as mechanical engineering, physics or comparable
Several years of experience in the field of metrology and quality assurance
Deep knowledge in the field of gear production processes and related standards as well as definition of geared parts
Experience in usage of mathematical methods for evaluation of acquired sensor data as well as appropriate tools such as, e.g., MATLAB
Fluent English and German Skills both spoken and written
Knowledge about technical drawings, GD&T and engineering documentations
Ideally experienced in ZEISS CALYPSO / GEAR Pro Software application
High skilled in presentation and documentation
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Stefan Schmid
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.