Jobs by email
PIMCO Prime Real Estate GmbH
SAP FI Inhouse Consultant (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
A leading global real estate investor and manager, PIMCO Prime Real Estate is a PIMCO company and part of the PIMCO real estate platform, focusing on the Core and Core+ segments of the market and managing the Allianz Group’s $93B+ real estate mandate.
Formerly known as Allianz Real Estate, we manage a global investment portfolio of $97.5B AUM, with an international team of over 490 employees working in 17 offices in Belgium, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, the UK and the U.S.
PIMCO’s real estate platform is one of the largest and most diversified in the world, with over $190B in assets and a broad set of solutions that leverage decades of expertise across public and private equity and debt markets.
SAP FI Inhouse Consultant (m/f/d)
Job Purpose / Role
For our team Real Estate Applications & Processes we are looking for a SAP FI Inhouse Consultant (m/f/d) for the next possible date.
Assignments
System support (operation, support, training) and further development of the company's SAP systems in the area of Finance incl. interfaces in close coordination with the respective national and international specialist functions in Asset and Property Management as well as the Allianz Group.
Involvement in and/or management of projects for further development of the Finance functions
Process analysis and design, development of business and technical concepts in close cooperation and collaboration with the business departments
Creation of process, program and user documentation
Requirements / Knowledge / Experience
Successfully completed university degree (business economics /sciences, (business) computer science or comparable field of study).
Professional experience in the field of SAP FI consulting (customizing, process definition, accounting skills, development skills), also in the area of payment transactions, ideally BCM knowledge is also available
High interest in IT technical issues and innovations (especially S4/HANA)
Excellent analytical and conceptual skills, quick comprehension for mastering complex systems
A high degree of service orientation and commitment as well as a strong interest in intercultural cooperation
Above-average commitment, resilience and flexibility
Independent working style, initiative and personal responsibility
Strong communication skills, ability to cooperate and work in a team
Fluent in spoken and written German and English
Zusätzliche Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
PIMCO Prime Real Estate GmbH
Stuttgart, Deutschland