Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Long Term Forecast Planner (f/m/div.)
Bietigheim-Bissingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Bietigheim-Bissingen
Your tasks
As long term forecast planner you are responsible for high quality oriented, mid- and long-term SAP forecast planning for defined businesses in order to ensure accurate production planning at the delivering plants, procurement planning, investment planning, internal/external capacities, highly precise financial and sales forecasts, management decisions and reporting.
Therefore you create and fulfill complex data analytics in close interaction with other disciplines worldwide (e.g. plants, sales, controlling, manufacturing, development and other Business Units).
You also analyze sales and market trends, customer information, business planning in combination with product life cycle as input for planning.
Ensure regional governance and standards implementation in the planning processes.
Last but not least are your task force activities related to the semiconductor crisis.
Your profile
Education: completed university degree (Bachelor/Diploma/PhD) in business administration, supply chain, logistics or technical field
Personality and Working Practice: results oriented, high flexibility and resilience, quality orientation and an open mindset, team oriented mindset
Experience and Knowledge: complex (data) analytics experience; strong competencies in customer order, production and procurement planning; excellent supply chain know-how including electronics/semiconductor industries; strong Excel competencies and additional database knowledge; strong communication skills in the international context also towards external parties (customers) are mandatory; experience with robotics solutions, Artificial lntelligence Knowledge are a plus; several years in SAP logistics planning, especially in operative customer order planning; several years of experience in all relevant SAP logistics transactions and modules
Enthusiasm: passionate about logistics planning and international collaboration
Languages: very good English skills both written and spoken, German is a plus
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Asperger Str. 24, 74321 Bietigheim-Bissingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.