Jobs by email
ZEISS
Frontend Software Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
• Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
• Munich based job with 40-60% hybrid work
• Excellent teammates and a lead to support your development from day one onward.
  Your Role at Zeiss Digital Partners
As the Frontend Software Engineer for our customer interaction solutions, you will actively shape the digital services for our customers, driving their day-to-day successes. You’ll work within a cross-functional team of product owners, UX/UI designers, analytic experts, and engineers.
You are responsible for
Leading the development of PWAs, and integration of them into e-commerce systems by providing technical support to the team (review, support, mentoring)
Evaluating technical feasibility and developing new standards, or by actively researching new trends and best practices
Contribute to architecture guiding principles, development standards
Create usable code and concept documentation and ensure an excellent code quality (clean code, reviews, pair programming)
If you want to know more about the role, kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sandro Phan (sandro.phan@zeiss.com).
Ihr Profil
At least 3 years of professional experience in a similar position
Excellent experience in modern JavaScript based, enterprise-grade web application development
Experience in a JavaScript-based frontend framework (e.g., Angular, React)
Solid understanding of REST architecture, micro-frontend architecture, common Software design patterns
Experienced in the development of E-commerce solutions (e.g., Commercetools, Intershop) as a plus
Ability to understand business requirements, collaborate with UI / UX designers and translate the requirements into a high-quality digital product
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.