Jobs by email
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
Network Security Service Owner (m/f/d) - Focus Firewalling
Schwalbach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Vitesco Technologies is a leading international developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art powertrain technologies for sustainable mobility. With smart system solutions and components for electric, hybrid and internal combustion vehicles, Vitesco Technologies makes mobility clean, efficient and affordable. The product range includes electric drives, electronic control units, sensors and actuators, and exhaust-gas aftertreatment solutions. In 2020, Vitesco Technologies recorded sales of EUR 8 billion and employs almost 40,000 people at around 50 locations worldwide. Vitesco Technologies is headquartered in Regensburg, Germany.
Your tasks
This position can be filled within all locations of Vitesco Technologies Europe.
Your new responsibilities:
Technical leadership of our global Network Security Firewall Service - Support and enable the vision of our future Firewall Service
Driving ITIL related items, such as Incident Management, Change Management, Escalation Management, etc.
Introducing and improving design guides and runbooks together with the team and our external partners
Plan & report associated firewall fees and budget recommendations
Support seamless network operations. Special focus is leading the firewall service in alignment with our stakeholder and global focus
Suggest and introduce service improvements in the firewall service
Coordinate with locations and align within a follow the sun approach with globally distributed colleagues and external partners
Work together with other departments (e.g., data protection, cybersecurity, etc.) to make sure the firewall service runs within approved parameters
Your profile
Academic degree in any technical area (such as IT, computer science, etc.) or comparable qualification
Long term professional experience designing, deploying, maintaining, and improving network equipment with a focus in network security and/or firewall related services
Advanced knowledge of firewalling architecture and products (e.g., Cisco, Fortinet, Checkpoint, Palo Alto or any other), design and operations
Hands on experience with firewalls and network gear in general
Intermediate skills in Project management, process management and quality
Intermediate experience in steering of external partners
Fluent in written and spoken English and German
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
What we offer
Open working environment and flat hierarchies in an international team setup
Encouragement of different perspectives & team building
Extensive training options and support of certification programs
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
65824 Schwalbach, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.