Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Junior Managers Program – Research & Development IoT – Trainee program (f/m/div)
Gerlingen-Schillerhöhe
Entry level / trainee
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Gerlingen-Schillerhöhe
Your tasks
In 12-24 months, you transition through various business units, called stations, in Germany as well as abroad and take on responsible tasks in the areas of the Internet of Things, Automated Driving of the future or Industry 4.0. You will work on global projects with technically fascinating and sophisticated products from the Bosch Group. Have you already gained some experience in the development of software, web technologies and app development or algorithm development, machine learning and embedded software? Then, together with you, we will lay the foundation for your future as a manager at Bosch.
 What awaits you:
Flexible starting date all year round and a permanent employment contract
Individual program length and design with a wide range of workshops and trainings
Composition of the trainee program from 4-6 stations in different business units and cross functional departments
One station abroad worldwide within the Bosch Group
Deep dive in day-to-day business and projects
Preparation for a global management role with your personal career mentor from top-management within Bosch
Your profile
Outstanding master's or diploma degree, possible with an additional Doctoral degree
Fields of study: (business) Informatics, Applied Information Technology, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Industrial Engineering or comparable
Knowledge of architecture development, e.g., in the IoT or cloud environment (AWS, Hadoop, MongoDB and/or SQL), the development of apps (iOS and/or Android) or the development of algorithms (C++, Python and/or Matlab)
International experience is required, minimum of 3 months
Challenging internships in the industry/field of studies
Good knowledge of German and English, conversational level
Strong leadership character
Entrepreneurial Thinking, Flexibility, initiative, intercultural competence
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Platz 1, 70839 Gerlingen-Schillerhöhe, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.