Jobs by email
Hilti Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH
SW Developer – Embedded Framework (m/f/d)
Kaufering nahe München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
What's the role?
SW Developer – Embedded Framework (m/f/d)
Kaufering near Munich
Job reference: WD-0018803
With your passion for embedded software, you will be responsible for developing high-quality embedded software frameworks and platforms for electronics drive of power tools and batteries. You will be involved in pre-development projects where we continuously modernize our embedded software solutions and processes. You understand the needs of future embedded software applications and translate those into software requirements and specifications. Your in-depth knowledge of state-of-the art architecture concepts, design patterns and methods will help us to develop differentiating solutions with focus mainly on portability, maintainability, performance, and safety.
Possibility to work less than 40 hrs./week.
Who is Hilti?
We develop, manufacture and sell cutting-edge products, technology, software and services for the global construction industry. Hilti stands for innovation, quality and direct customer relationships.
From the pre-development of our own motors, electronics and firmware, to series-maturity - our intelligent mechatronic systems come from our own research and development laboratories.
With 32,000 people in more than 120 countries, we're a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow in your career.
If you are passionate about software engineering and wants to grow while creating positive impact on building a sustainable future, you want to apply for this job.
What does the role involve?
You are responsible for the design and development of new embedded software frameworks and platforms. Those frameworks will be used in all our power tools. You will be involved in pre-development projects where we continuously modernize our embedded software solutions and processes. In this environment you have the freedom to try out new things! You understand the needs of future embedded software applications and translate those into software requirements and specifications. Your in-depth knowledge of state-of-the art architecture concepts, design patterns and methods will help us to develop differentiating solutions. The focus lays on portability, maintainability, performance, and functional safety. Working in the team, using agile modern software practices, test-driven development and continuous integration and delivery will be your everyday work.
Why should you apply?
If you are passionate about software engineering and want to grow while creating positive impact on building a sustainable future, you want to apply for this job.
What you need is:
Substantial knowledge in embedded C and C++ and related design patterns
Experience in defining the software architecture for real-time embedded systems
Minimum 5 years of professional experience in developing embedded applications and systems
Master’s or bachelor’s degree in software engineering, computer science or relevant disciplines
Familiar with state-of-the art software development engineering practices (agile, DevOps, CI/CD)
Very good technical knowledge and excellent problem-solving ability
Flexible, self-organized, proactive team player
German language skills are an advantage
What do we offer?
We offer you a unique place to work, in which you are part of a creative and interdisciplinary team. We will give you a lot of responsibility to develop yourself and we´ll support you in shaping your individual career path.
In addition, we offer you innovative and personalized Benefits, such as
- In-house fitness area with training courses
- Language courses
- Flexible working arrangements
- Mobile working
- Sabbatical
- DB JobTicket
- Subsidised Company Bike
- Subsidised monthly and annual public transport subscriptions
- Company pension scheme (employer-financed)
- Subsidy for childcare
Further benefits:
- Support in relocating and finding a flat
- Tax advice
Integrity, courage, teamwork and commitment are essential for Hilti – both today and tomorrow. We are proud to say that we not only talk about our values, but also live them every day.
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Hilti Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH
86916 Kaufering, Deutschland