Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior/Expert) Safety Engineer (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V685
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission (Required)
As a safety engineer you will join product safety team which enables development and release of all safety-critical functions allocated to the infotainment system for Mercedes-Benz vehicles. This position requires an experienced professional with a deep understanding of the ISO 26262 or comparable safety standard. You will join a motivated team of focused engineers trying to provide the safety infrastructure for the whole MBition and its partners. This gives your great chance to connect throughout the company. In this context, you will collaborate on daily bases with different Mercedes-Benz AG entities and suppliers, bringing the next generation infotainment system to the market. 
Sneak preview of your future tasks
As a Safety Engineer you will take care of
Work with the vehicle and system safety teams to derive and refine SW safety requirements
Perform safety analyses: CPA, HAZOP, DFA, FTA, etc. per ISO 26262 guidelines
Execute SW tool-chain evaluation and qualification activities
Perform safety SW re-qualification analyses for in case of re-use between projects
Support internal and external functional safety compliance efforts required by the ISO26262 standard
Develop and maintain expertise in automotive best practices for functional safety, Safety of the Intended Functionality (SOTIF) and safety in use
Maintain safety-related artefacts/documents and perform reviews with cross-functional teams
Contribute to the safety case artefacts and argumentation chains
Work with global teams to deliver common, cost-efficient solutions
Support functional safety audits and assessments
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile (Required)
Education
Degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, electrical engineering or a comparable field
Experience
Deep knowledge in functional safety (ISO 26262) or comparable safety standard 
Experience in applying tools and technologies for the development, design and analysis (e.g. Testing, HIL/SIL/, FMEA/FTA, HAZOP, ...)
Experienced in embedded software development using C and/or C++
Understanding of designing, developing, and validating automotive technologies
Experience with requirements management tools such as DOORS Classic / Next Generation, PTC Integrity, Polarion, etc.
Working language is English, German is a plus
Nice to have
Familiarity with safety of the intended functionality (ISO 21448) 
Experience with Infotainment or ADAS-related safety use-cases (Instrument Cluster, Cameras, Driver Monitoring System, Safe Audio Alarm, Safe Touch, etc.)
You have ideally worked with Classic / Adaptive AUTOSAR, knowledge of Vector DaVinci tool chain is an advantage
Familiarity with ASPICE
Personal Skills
Ability to communicate complex concepts or data in a simple-yet-accurate manner
Independent judgement and effective decision-making skills
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting technical issues
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and passion
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? (Required)
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building facing the Spree (Berlin Headquarter)
Remote work possible (for legal reasons only inside Germany)
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee and fruits, and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. 
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.