Jobs by email
Mercedes-Benz Connectivity Services GmbH
Software Development Engineer (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002FE3
Tasks
Since 2016, Mercedes-Benz Connectivity Services GmbH has been connecting the automotive and digital world around the connected vehicle: With innovative data-based solutions, the subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG enables its B2B customers to make business processes more efficient, improve customer experiences or develop new business models.
Mercedes-Benz Connectivity Services creates digital solutions of the future that help B2B customers to increase their process quality and efficiency, improve customer experiences, act more sustainably or develop new business models. It is based on real-time data from more than 100 measuring points and signals inside and outside of more than 14 million connected Mercedes-Benz vehicles worldwide. This data is used to generate added value for products and processes in companies from a wide range of industries. The Stuttgart-based company has about 60 employees working on the development, operation and sales of digital data-based products.
We are the Engineering & Technology Team and we are looking for a Software Development Engineer (m/f/d). We are an experienced and passionate team being in charge to develop and operate data-driven, award-winning digital products and innovative IOT services with cloud native microservices for business customers of Mercedes-Benz. We are working agile, delivering new features to our customers with every sprint using our automated CI/CD pipeline.
These exciting tasks are waiting for you:
Develop and run innovative portal solutions around the connect vehicle in an agile team
Assure high quality by writing clean code, test cases and collaborating with the test engineers as well as keeping architecture and design documentation up-to-date
Discuss and challenge requirements together with the product manager, product owner and customer
Analyze and solve problems arising during development and production
Contribute to reviews and share your knowledge with the team
The position is to be filled several times – don’t be afraid if you are not covering all required skills – as soon as possible on a full-time basis.
Qualifications
Your profile:
You are breathing an agile, cloud native and DevOps mindset
You are comfortable with a polyglot development environment writing code in programming languages, such as Java, Kotlin, Python and Web-frontend frameworks, such as Vue, Svelte, Angular or React
You are enthusiastic about writing new and thoughtful code with privacy and security in mind
You are experienced in writing scalable solutions for microservice and event-driven architectures based on Springboot, Kafka and Kubernetes
You are keen on developing modular web applications and micro frontends
You are experienced in microservice API design and you have experience with cloud providers, like Azure or AWS
You are familiar with internet protocols (TCP/IP, HTTP, REST, Messaging, OAUTH, etc.) and database technologies
You eager to learn new methods and technologies
You are fluent in English, German is a plus
Scrum master skills are a plus
We offer more than just an employment relationship. In addition, you can expect the following:
Shaping the future in a mix of corporate and start-up culture with a highly motivated and experienced team
Independent work and freedom to contribute with your own ideas
Special benefits such as accident insurance, company pension scheme allowance, employee discounts, fitness membership, canteen, fruit basket in the office and much more
Very good infrastructural connections (close to the motorway, multi-storey car park, underground and suburban railway stations)
Please apply online only and include a CV, a cover letter and relevant certificates (max. total size of attachments 6 MB).
We are particularly pleased to receive online applications from disabled persons and persons with equivalent disabilities directly in response to this advertisement.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-Benz Connectivity Services GmbH
70565 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.