Jobs by email
GLS IT Services GmbH
Manager (f/m/d) Information Security Program
Neuenstein (Osthessen), Kassel, Eschborn (bei Frankfurt a.M.)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Who are we?
More than 800 million parcels worldwide, over 9,000 employees at around 70 locations nationwide - that's us: GLS Germany. One of the leading parcel service providers in Germany. Our mission? Whether it's filled shelves in shops or happy online shoppers - we make a valuable contribution by connecting people and places. Become part of our success story and shape the future with us!
Manager (f/m/d) Information Security Program
The Manager (f/m/d) Information Security Program is responsible for coordinating security projects in the GLS Group. In your role you will report to the CISO of the GLS Group.
What can you expect with us?
Disciplinary leadership of central project teams (e.g. identity and access management)
Managing and driving the further growth, maturity and development of the team
Responsible for implementation of the group wide security program and alignment with stakeholders both on group and subsidiary level
Ensuring the agreed objectives and success criteria are delivered on time
Identifies and facilitates the resolution of any issues that may arise
Communication interface to all stakeholders and senior management of the GLS Group regarding security project
Contribute to related security activities such as risk management, governance, security architecture, and security operations within the CISO department
What do you bring to the table?
Degree preferably in Computer Science, Information security, project management or equivalent other qualifications
At least 5 years’ experience in projects/program management preferably with a security focus
Project planning, risk management, time management and other program management skills during work placement is an advantage
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills and the ability to communicate effectively information security and risk related concepts to technical and non-technical audiences
Professional project management certifications are an advantage (e.g., PMI, PMP)
Experience with project management software tools are an advantage
Advanced language proficiency in English. Other languages are a plus
What do we bring to the table?
Continuing education
Individual training opportunities tailored to your interests and tasks.
Flexible working hours
Organise your working hours according to your needs - whether mobile, in the office or at home.
Company pension scheme
So that you are also well secured in later years, we subsidise your pensions scheme.
Mobility
We have excellent public transport connections and plenty of space for parking in our underground car park.
Onboarding
We will provide you with a comprehensive onboarding, where you will get to know important points of contact
E-Vehicle Charger
Charging points for your e-vehicle are available in our underground car park, where you can charge your vehicle completely free of charge.
Impact
The opportunity to actively contribute to the success of GLS and the appreciation of your work are part of our philosophy.
Culture
An attractive working environment with the freedom to develop one's own ideas.
Questions?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.