Jobs by email
Giesecke+Devrient Group Services GmbH & Co. KG
(Senior) SAP BI Inhouse Consultant (m/f/d) HR Reporting
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
G+D makes the lives of billions of people more secure. We develop innovative products and solutions to safeguard payment processes, identities, connectivity, and data. With more than 170 years of experience behind us, we approach each day with renewed energy and passion. We are an international technology group and a traditional family-owned company, with over 11,800 employees in 33 countries. Creating Confidence is our path to success; and it could soon be yours, too.
We are looking for a
(Senior) SAP BI Inhouse Consultant (m/f/d) HR Reporting
with focus on HR Reporting based in our HQ (Munich).
Requisition-ID 21517
Your responsibilities:
Advising the business units on the definition and implementation of reporting requirements
Competent contact person (m/f/d) for BI & Analytics topics, especially for Human Resources (SAP HCM and SuccessFactors) and hybrid modelling approaches
Sub-project management / project management
Coordination and implementation of reporting requirements in the SAP BW backend (SAP BW 7.4 and BW/4 HANA)
Creation of queries and dashboards (SAP Analytics Cloud, PowerBI)
Collaboration on international roll-outs and system changes (upgrades, patches, HANA migration)
Creation of IT concepts and their implementation in the respective tool
Ensuring the ongoing operation in the area of SAP Business Intelligence
Your skills:
Degree in computer science, economics or comparable training or professional experience
Professional experience in HR Reporting with SAP BI/BW
Very good experience in the conception and further development of innovative SAP BI solutions
Ideally several years of proven project experience in the area of SAP BW/4 HANA and hybrid data modelling
Knowledge of ABAP OO, CDS Views, SQL Script advantageous
Knowledge of SAP Analytics Cloud desirable
Deep technical understanding and knowledge in ABAP and AMDP development
Very good written and spoken German and English skills
Your benefits:
A wide range of training and development opportunities
Flexible working hours, home office and 30 days' holiday per year
A company pension scheme as part of the attractive remuneration package
Attractive family benefits, including a summer holiday for children of G+D employees
Working in an internationally active family business with shared values
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Giesecke+Devrient Group Services GmbH & Co. KG
Prinzregentenstraße 161, 81677 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -