Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior IT Consultant / Site Lead for Location Infrastructure Services (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As Senior IT Consultant you are responsible for consulting your location within the Location Infrastructure Services (LIS). This means the life-cycle management for IT-Hardware-components: you configure, plan, migrate and realise LIS-solutions in all supported locations.
One of your main responsibilities is optimizing the location infrastructure in your region and supporting the new setup of IT-rooms. You document and plan IT-room-capacities and make sure they are up-to-date. 
You support in integrating and carving-out of locations in your region and participate in Projects (Merger/integration, Manufacturing-IT), as well as realizing own small projects.
You support the LIS-Team in developing solutions, standards and processes and you are going to be the first contact for the regional-locations regarding infrastructure topics.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies in with a focus on computer science, communications engineering, telecommunications or a comparable subject
Personality: resilient, assertive, able to work in a team, flexible and readiness to travel
Working Practice: responsible, structured, goal-oriented
Experience: relevant professional experience in the field of infrastructure technologies (LAN / SAN design, cabling concepts) including projects for the installation of various hardware infrastructures
Knowledge: very good knowledge of ITIL especially change management
Enthusiasm: great joy in developing and implementing new solutions and working together in international and intercultural teams
Languages: very good spoken and written german and english skills
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.