Jobs by email
Flaconi GmbH
Senior Mobile Engineer Flutter (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
flaconi is one of Germany’s leading online beauty retailers. Our online shop’s portfolio offers more than 850 international brands and 55.000 products in the categories of perfume, skin care, make-up, hair care, natural cosmetics and accessories, covering from drugstore to organic to premium products.
flaconi was founded in 2011 and has a team of over 700 employees working from three locations: Our HQ in Berlin-Charlottenburg, our logistics center in Halle and our concept store in Berlin-Mitte. We are also represented in Austria and Poland.
What you can expect
Our engineering department is responsible for building up and steadily improving one of the most important components that make our business as successful as it is - our marketplace. Dive into our tech stack of ReactJS, Redux, Symphony, node.js, AWS Lambda, AWS SQS and SNS, Flutter (... and many more!) and work together with different cross-functional teams to make our product unique. One of these teams are our "Mobile Genies", the people who take care of our app with absolute dedication and passion. Are you also a flutter enthusiast? We are looking forward to your application and will love to welcome you in our international team
What you can expect in this role
You are working on our mobile app in an ambitious team
To do this, you will implement user-friendly functions for our Native-App for iOS and Android
You build reliable and scalable systems with high performance and are open to new programming languages and technologies
The conception, development and optimization of the mobile application are your responsibility
You carry out tests, identify technical problems and derive solutions
Together with Product Owners, Backend Engineers, and the mobile team, you steer the mobile topic
Your essential experience and education
You have at least multiple years of experience with fast-moving mobile iOS and Android platforms
Additionally, you have several years of experience in developing with Flutter
You are proficient with programming languages for mobile development, ideally with swift
Furthermore, you have a solid foundation in software development and architecture as well as mobile development
You worked with different levels of test automation (e.g. unit, widget, integration, user journey tests)
Moreover, you have a solid understanding of BloC pattern, CI/CD, REST, and/or GraphQL
You possess excellent communication skills in English, German is a plus
What's in it for you?
Full transparency: For this role, we have a salary band between 62.000€ and 90,000€ gross per year. The salary that we will offer you will always be within this span and is based on the skills that you show during the recruitment process
Our employees matter to us: We offer you a permanent contract, a BVG ticket and relocation support for international applicants moving to Germany
Work-life balance: 29 Vacation days, flexible working hours, up to three days of homeoffice a week and the possibility of a paid sabbatical
flaconi Academy: Actively shape your own career path by taking advantage of our internal and external training opportunities
We care about your well being: We want to support you also during the difficult times. For this, we offer you and your close relatives counseling sessions with mental health professionals
flaconi Fitness: A wide range of sports options & discounts on memberships
Family first: Our "emergency-daycare" is there for you in out-of-the-ordinary situations to look after your child on site at our office
Thinking about tomorrow together: flaconi subsidizes your savings contribution to the company pension scheme with an additional 20%
A comfortable working space with everything you need: HIgh end technical equipment, fruits and drinks, no dress code and dogs are welcome in our office!
Other perks: Great discounts in our online shop as well with our partner companies, cool team events & company parties!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Flaconi GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.