Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
Senior Data Analyst (m/f/d) SEO
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Introduction
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading digital recruiting platforms and #2 most popular tech employer in Germany, we help everyone find the right job. Therefore, we need you!
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a Senior Data Analyst (m/f/d) SEO in Düsseldorf.
Our SEO team is responsible for ensuring our websites rank prominently on search engines such as Google for people when looking for jobs. We are an internationally distributed team with colleagues in Düsseldorf, Hamburg, London, Dublin, Brussels and San Salvador. 
Our job marketplaces hold millions of rapidly evolving URLs, with new listings being posted and expiring through the day 24-7/365. 
The position offers the opportunity to make meaningful change on websites that are already amongst the leaders in their local market.  The volumes of baseline traffic and data available provide the opportunity for a fast test and learn approach, where you can apply your analytical expertise to solve business problems and drive growth initiatives. 
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. Please let us know, if we e.g. should use a gender neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process.
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies.
Your Tasks
Key responsibility: The main focus for this role will be to identify areas for SEO growth. This includes building models to perform deep analysis of SEO performance data, identifying SEO trends & opportunities and designing SEO tests / initiatives.
Internal communication: Your main stakeholders will be the SEO specialists but you will work together with a wide variety of people within the organisation, including analysts or data scientists from digital marketing, product and or data engineers.
Share knowledge: Communicate insights & learnings to stakeholders.
You're the expert: You will help us analysing / answering very specific questions around SEO performance, setting-up dashboards for ongoing reporting, helping us with all the data needed to build experiments, all within the B-C area.
Extract, Transform, Load: There is a wide variety of data available, but sometimes you would need to set-up your own etl process. It is a role for Python lovers!
Your Profile
Mathematical / statistical background by education
Professional experience in analytical roles
Good knowledge of Python/SQL and experience with AWS services, redshift, S3 as well as PowerBI or any other visualisation tool
Familiar with data science techniques and models and keen to develop to an expert-level
Knowledge of web-scraping, organising scraped data, performing correlation studies and/or prediction models
Good & clear communication skills
Your Benefits
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
We support you: We want you to become part of the StepStone family as quickly as possible! That is why we will support you with all the formalities during the visa process.
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally. 
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues. 
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays. 
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off. 
Our location? At the Medienhafen! For you that means we're easy to reach - whether by car, train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your parking space or job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably. 
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role. 
Are you into fitness? Great! Whether it's in our own fitness studio, playing beach volleyball or running, you can keep fit with our wide range of sporting activities. 
Fancy a coffee? Then take a look at our in-house baristas. Whether Caramello, Cortado or Flat White lactose-free - everything is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day. 
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office. 
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentive trips, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too! 
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
Völklinger Straße 1, 40219 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates