Jobs by email
Klarna GmbH
Realtime Manager
BERLIN
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
About Klarna
Since 2005 Klarna has been on a mission to revolutionize the retail banking industry. With over 150 million global active users and 2 million transactions per day, Klarna is meeting the changing demands of consumers by saving them time and money while helping them be informed and in control. Over 450,000 global retail partners, including H&M, Saks, Sephora, Macys, IKEA, Expedia Group, and Nike have integrated Klarna's innovative technology to deliver a seamless shopping experience online and in-store. Klarna has over 6,000 employees and is active in 45 markets.
On our path to becoming the world’s favorite way to shop, we’re assembling an unparalleled global talent network, accelerating individual careers, and disrupting entire industries. We are on a mission to liberate humanity from all the meaningless time spent managing their purchases and finances, so they can do more of what they love. We’re in search of global talent eager to embrace our atmosphere and defy their own expectations.
Every day, thousands of our customers globally contact Klarna with different queries and situations that require our focused attention. It is important for our service and processes to go above and beyond expectations to ensure our customers receive extraordinary service in every single contact. As Realtime Managers, we are responsible for coordinating the live delivery of Klarna’s outsourcing suppliers globally and working in close cooperation with internal stakeholders. Do you enjoy working in a high-speed environment with KPIs and improvement opportunities? Are you an engaged problem solver who is able to decide and act fast? Sounds like you? Great, keep on reading as we have the perfect opportunity for you. We are looking for a Business Operations Specialist to join the Realtime Management team. About the job.In this role, you will need to be both hands-on to be on top of all details as well as good at strategy to drive improvements in performance. An important success factor of your journey with us is that you are able to collaborate with several stakeholders (internally and externally) and that you make data-driven decisions. With your initiatives, we can be sure that we continuously improve our service standards in order to deliver remarkable service operations.
About your responsibilities.
Daily exchange with Klarna’s outsourcing suppliers regarding e.g. any fluctuation in the forecast, distributing volumes between the Klarna outsourcing suppliers, and review capacity planning.
Analyze core KPIs of the daily business (e.g. Average Handling Time, Service Level, Forecast Accuracy)
Analyze different data points on a daily basis to identify trends and improvement opportunities.
Manage and support Klarna’s outsourcing suppliers to ensure they meet the agreed KPIs together with the operational stakeholders.
Coordinate downtimes and other impacts to ensure customer service availability.
Support the wider workforce operations teams by ensuring a strong link between on-day performance and long-term staffing and planning.
About what you'll need.
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration/similar field or equivalent experience
Minimum of 2 years of work experience in a fast-paced Customer Service/Operations environment, preferably as a Realtime Analyst
You are excellent at analytics with high attention to detail and a service and customer obsession mindset.
You are a true problem-solver who does not settle for less than perfect.
Flexibility, our operations are 24/7 (main business hours between 8:00am-10:00pm)
You can prioritize your work tasks and most importantly, you love being a part of a team, growing in the challenges.
Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.
Data-driven mindset and analysis skills with experience in Google Sheets and Docs
Ability to work under high pressure in a fast-changing environment.
What we offer:
Diversity & Community: With our diversity of skills, perspectives and backgrounds, we can create, innovate, and disrupt like no other. Diversity is part of who we are, and essential to our success.
Ownership & Impact: Here, every voice matters. We’re organized into hundreds of small teams, each run like a start-up, focused on their own problem-space.
Trust & Collaboration: Successes and failures are won together at Klarna in a melting pot of teams. Win, lose, and learn, we’re on this path together.
If you love what you do, you should love where you do it. We appreciate that everyone’s different and has their own preferences of where and how to work. We genuinely believe in the power of regular face-to-face interactions in building close connections with our teams, but we also strongly believe people can work effectively remotely. This means that combining both is the key to success.
At Klarna, You can choose between working from the office, remotely within your employment country, or even outside of it for up to 20 working days per year. Flex it up!
Challenges & Rewards: We take a very Swedish approach to benefits. Support for parents, health and wellness perks—we’ve got you covered.
If this sounds like a step forward in your career, don’t hesitate to apply: Include your resumé in English and a few words about why you want to join Klarna. Interviews are conducted on an ongoing basis. Let’s have a chat!
It is our commitment that every qualified person will be evaluated according to skills regardless of age, gender, identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and age with the application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €