Jobs by email
Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF)
Full Stack Python Developer (m/f/d)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Organization
Established by the Financial Stability Board in June 2014, the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF) is a not-for-profit organization created to support the implementation and use of the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI). GLEIF manages a network of partners, the LEI issuing organizations, to provide trusted services and open, reliable data for unique legal entity identification worldwide. GLEIF services ensure the operational integrity of the Global LEI System and facilitate making the LEI a broad public good available on our website. As a result, the LEI remains the industry standard best suited to providing open and reliable data for unique legal entity identification management.
Full Stack Python Developer (m/f/d)
Position Summary
The full stack developer role is about both developing the backend functionality and APIs for integrating with client frontend applications as well as developing the front end user applications and administrative applications for the back end. We are looking for engineers with solid analytical, research, and programming skills. Production experience in Python programming is a must. Experience in Rust and JavaScript a bonus. Experience or training in distributed communication protocols, decentralized identity, cryptography, blockchain based systems is preferred.
Key Responsibilities
Enhance cloud agent services for vLEI ecosystem based on KERI / ACDC
Build and maintain ReST APIs
Build SDKs with Python for vLEI Issuers
Building unit and functional test systems
Provide customer facing documentation for SDKs and ReST APIs
End user application support with JavaScript and Mithril.js
Experience and competencies for success
Programing languages: Python, JavaScript, Rust
BS degree in a engineering or computer discipline or equivalent certification and or experience
At least 4 years programming experience in production enviroments
Solid analytical, research and programming skills
Fluent spoken and written English; additional language skills advantageous
Team spirit and good communication skills
Department: IT Development
Reports into: Software Developer Team Lead
Management responsibility: No
Location: Frankfurt
Scope: Full-time
All foreign applicants from outside the EU must have a valid Residence/Work Permit or Blue Card to work in Germany.
What we offer
This is an opportunity, to make an impact on the transparency of the financial services and other industries in a not-for-profit, stable business that is committed to investing in the foundation, its partner relationships and its employees. You will join a highly motivated team with the mission to successfully implement the Global Legal Entity Identifier system. Compensation and benefits will be of course adequate to the position.
In addition, we offer
Professional development
Join our journey and work with us in a flexible and mobile working environment
Multicultural organization with the office directly in the city center of Frankfurt
Open office space that facilitates & encourages collaboration; headphones allowed
Beverages & fresh fruit
Subsidized gym membership
iMac workstation with 2 displays; custom keyboard if required
Company iPhone & Macbook
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF)
Bleichstraße 59, 60313 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.