Jobs by email
ZEISS
Project Manager - Digital Transformation Projects (f/m/x)
München, D-PLZ 81
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
About us
At Zeiss Digital Partners (ZDP), we have a clear goal: Enabling and accelerating the digital transformation of ZEISS @speed and @scale. We are developing digital solutions jointly with the ZEISS business units and accelerating innovation that delivers a future value for our customers and our company.
Digital Business Innovation within ZDP is a cross-functional team building digital solutions and business models as well as driving strategic digital programs. We apply customer-centric methodologies like Design Thinking and Voice of the Customer and combine those with our business and strategy acumen.
Join us as a Project Manager to shape and contribute towards the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS within the Key Group Program Digital Ecosystem Enablement (KGP DEE), a board-sponsored group-wide initiative to make digital a part of the ZEISS DNA.
Your role
Drive strategic cross-ZEISS digital transformation projects that define and strengthen the foundation of our future digital ecosystem
Ideate and shape/execute the program structure to ensure long-term success & immediate strategic impact in digital at ZEISS
Lead cross-functional project teams in an agile set up
Own the preparation & execution of Steering Committee meetings and track deliverables & budget of the KGP DEE
Ensure the KGP DEE focuses on the right topics to enable future ecosystem success and the different KGP DEE sub-programs well coordinated
Manage multitude of senior leaders across the ZEISS group and facilitate sustainable decision-making
Collaborate with the ZEISS business units as well as our Design, Data Analytics and Cloud Engineering colleagues at ZEISS Digital Partners
Ihr Profil
Excellent University degree, preferably in natural sciences, engineering, informatics or business
3-4 years of experience, preferably in management consulting or in digital transformation or project management in digital and B2B industry
Track record of successfully managing large programs incl. roadmapping, success tracking and top management reporting
High degree of customer-centricity combined with the ability to align business ideas with core company values
Strong communication skills and the empathy to productively collaborate with people from diverse backgrounds
Fluent German and English language skills
Why ZEISS?
We experience the best of both worlds: Agile and fast working mode in a corporate environment
We have modern office spaces creating an open and collaborative environment
We are an open-minded team with a strong team spirit
We live a flat hierarchy and empower individuals
We make an impact within and beyond ZEISS
If you would like to know more about the role kindly reach out to Riya Mukundan (Riya.mukundan@zeiss.com)
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, D-PLZ 81, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.