Jobs by email
BMW Group
GeSi/SOTIF Infrastructure Controlled Maneuvering Expert (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Operations team in München is currently seeking a
GeSi/SOTIF Infrastructure Controlled Maneuvering Expert (f/m/x)
Tasks
SMART IT SYSTEMS NEED EVEN SMARTER PROTECTION.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
New possibilities often go hand in hand with new risks. Increased networking of vehicle systems and rising exchange of big data means that the danger of cyber-attacks is growing. Protecting automotive IT from these threats is essential if innovative systems are to be brought safely onto the roads. This is why we need experts who live and breathe IT security and who can use innovative software solutions to develop countermeasures from threat analysis through to developing and implementing a suitable security architecture.
Ensuring safety is one of the main challenges in developing automated driving functions. Due to their technical complexity, higher levels of automation require cutting-edge methodology in analyzing and mitigating risks. This applies to safety of the intended function (SOTIF), safety-in-use and functional safety (FuSa). We, as automotive safety experts, work passionately to ensure our customers' wellbeing by mitigating risk resulting from system performance, system failures or suboptimal driver interaction.
What awaits you?
You will solve challenging problems to shape the future of automotive safety.
You will independently and responsibly propose new methodoligical approaches derived from the new requirements in higher levels of automation.
This includes aligning these with different stakeholders within BMW and with external partners (suppliers, regulators, standardization bodies, infrastructure provides etc.).
Applying statistical methods for risk evaluation and safety argumentation will be a central activity.
You will design and propose measures and solutions to reach the desired confidence level.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a comparable field of study, ideally with a safety focus.
Hands-on experience in safety architecture and concepts.
Sound knowledge of ISO21448, ISO26262 and overview of other relevant standardization activities.
Expertise in applying statistical methods and in data analysis.
Experience with OEM-external working groups is an advantage.
Business-fluent English and German is required.
You have enthusiasm and passion for safety topics in cutting edge ADAS functions? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: Vollzeit
Contact:
Hatice Yildirim
BMW Group Recruiting Team
+49 89 382-17001
Job Reference: 89287
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.