Jobs by email
Taxdoo GmbH
Tech Lead Cloud Engineering (m/f/d)
Europe
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Einleitung
Taxdoo is on a mission to build the financial operating system for e-commerce in Europe - where companies are able to focus on their core business, not bureaucracy. What exactly are we doing? We are making it easy for e-commerce businesses and accountants to handle VAT (sales tax) and other compliance requirements such as managing financial accounting and receiving a comprehensive overview of their financial status. Our products currently power a variety of end-to-end automation solutions for thousands of customers.
Our team comes from a range of backgrounds and we believe in our core values Diversity, Simplicity, Quality, and Trust. Even if you are not entirely sure whether you tick all the boxes below, please apply - we’d love to hear from you. We’re at least as interested in your potential as we are in your experience. 
  Ihre Aufgaben
What you will do
You will be joining our team for Cloud Excellence: Team DevOptimus
Together with your team, you’ll lead all topics regarding our cloud architecture and DevOps culture within Taxdoo. We want you to push us so that our infrastructure and way of working gets even leaner, faster, and smarter than it already is.
At Taxdoo we live leadership differently: we work and decide as one team. We are experts in technical and people leadership. Your role will be to lead with your technical expertise, which is why your official title will be “Senior Staff DevOps Engineer” – the highest engineering title we have.
The team is responsible for improving the overall product development: which AWS services should we use? How can we improve reliability and scaling? Can our pipelines be made more efficient, our monitoring more powerful, our security even stronger … to name just a few aspects.
Our team members are hands-on when impediments need removal and enable others to do so on their own as well. It’s all about collaboration and making our product teams a little bit more effective every day.
We’re passionate about automation and optimizing processes, infrastructure-as-a-code, leveraging the power of CI/CD, developing or recommending tools that really can help the teams.
We promote a culture of continuous improvement and a holistic view of the development lifecycle: We build it, we run it, we monitor and test to inform the next iteration. 
  Ihr Profil
What you are good at
You have 6+ years of experience building cloud-based applications and setups using AWS services such as Lambda, API Gateway, ECS, Cloudfront, RDS, and Organizations as well as GitLab.
You showed an aptitude in delivering successful SaaS products (using Java/TypeScript, React, REST/GraphQL, MySQL) and relevant methodologies (e.g. A/B Testing, Feature Flags, Canary Releases, BlueGreen Deployment, TDD/BDD).
You have excellent knowledge in AWS, infrastructure-as-a-code (CDK, Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, Chef or similar), Docker, CI/CD (e.g. GitLab CI, Github Actions, Azure DevOps Pipelines), and DevSecOps (Prisma Cloud, Sysdig Falco, WhiteSource, BlackDuck, OWASP ZAP, Docker Image Scanning).
You feel right at home using agile development processes and methodologies, understand that planning ahead and being agile are not contradictions.
You have excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills, including the ability to communicate complex, interactive design concepts clearly and persuasively across different audiences and varying levels of the organization.
You have demonstrated the use of metrics and usage data analysis to generate new requirements and analyze defects for cloud-hosted solutions.
Most of it all, you are passionate about DevOps and the modern DevOps toolset.
    Wir bieten
 At Taxdoo, we are proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. In our recruitment process, we consider applicants regardless of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, or age. Diversity is one of the core values that we embrace on different levels within the organization- from our employees to our products and clients. 
  Learn more about our benefits here. 
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Taxdoo GmbH
Europe, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Coaching
Extra day off
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.