Jobs by email
BMW Group
Sub-Product Owner Data Management (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our Business and Others team in München is currently seeking a
Sub-Product Owner Data Management (f/m/x)
Tasks
SUCCESS IS CREATED BY PEOPLE, NOT DEPARTMENTS.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
Knowing the destination isn't enough: you need to know how to get there. Build up your own networks, exploit new ideas, consistently take the initiative. Inspire other people with your enthusiasm. That's the only way to give ideas the power that allows them to become true innovations.
The domain "Risk, Finance and Data Management" ensures the long-term profitability and increases the crisis-resilience of BMW Financial Services by delivering integrated Finance and Risk steering products. The sub product aims to provide tooling for Data Glossary, Data Lineage and Data Quality.
What awaits you?
Overall, you are responsible for the definition and delivery of the vision, roadmap and backlog of the sub-product in close coordination with the Product Owner.
You translate overall strategy and target picture into executable roadmap and backlog items while also considering customer needs and business requirements from our markets.
In close collaboration with the IT Sub-Product Owner and the business and IT responsible parties in the markets, you are in the lead for planning, and steering the further development of the tooling setup.
Your responsibilities include also the financial steering of the sub-product.
You are the main contact person for the feature team to prioritize the backlog and coordinate internal and external partners to deliver the roadmap according to time, budget, quality and risk.
Finally, you are responsible for the stakeholder and community management in order to globally share digital assets and learnings.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in business administration, business information systems, computer science or any comparable qualification.
Minimum 3 years of working experience in data analytics, data governance or data management.
Experience in project management.
Secure handling of data and data models.
Fluent in German and English.
You enjoy working in an international environment and are willing to take responsibility? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 79437
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.