Jobs by email
Magna
Function Owner (f/m/d) - Base Software Cyber Security
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Job Number: 49241
Group: Magna Electronics
Division: Magna Electronics Sailauf - Munich
Job Type: Permanent/Regular
Location: Munich, Munich
Group Description
Magna's ADAS technologies are shaping an autonomous future and improving lives.
Full autonomy is coming. But to create the technology which will bring it into view, you need the desire and ability to adapt complete ADAS systems or modular solutions to any vehicle, for any mobility need.
Magna's electronics solutions connect OEMs to their customers with features that improve their lives. It's our expertise across the entire vehicle, key strategic partnerships and culture of innovation that allow us to make our industry-leading technologies road-ready. And it is how we'll continue to build a safer, smarter and more connected mobility experience for all people.
Stellenbeschreibung
Role Summary
A Feature Owner (FO) - Cyber Security is responsible for providing technical leadership for the development of SW for Cyber Security (BaseSW/Autosar, Customer Modules or Magna Modules). This includes the cross-functional coordination of defined work packages of the V-Model (requirements, design, implementation, testing) and delivery of the function(s) for the whole life cycle of the product. The FO ensures that the Cyber Security functions are completed according to its specification, within the defined time frame, while following the applicable development processes. The FO Cyber Security works with internal and external stakeholders including direct customer communication, to fulfil the customer milestones and the feature release plan. He will have a close interaction with the SW-PM/BaseSW-Lead, Security Manager and Security Systems Engineer in Magna and have to ensure that the Security Concept will be fulfilled.
Key Responsibilities
Supervises and/or provides work direction to the cyber security development team members
Assigns and tracks the tasks of technical personnel assigned to his/her function on a regular basis
Fulfill the security concept which will be provided by cyber security systems Engineer and propose improvement to the cyber security manager and cyber security systems Engineer.
Holds regular function development team meetings to determine progress and address any questions or challenges
Coordinates and is accountable for the analysis, planning and development of function related requirements and standards
Ensures that development activities for represented functions are compliant to ME-GPEP development process and quality level as well as to Functional Safety
Develops function evaluation and performance criteria and metrics. Analyzes test results and data to a certain performance meets requirements
Identifies strategic changes required to improve processes, efficiency and quality
Drives structured problem-solving processes
Supports line managers to develop and suggest reuse strategy
Participates in continuous improvement efforts
Participates in customer technical function design reviews
Conduct cross functional requirements reviews
Provides function system level DFMEA inputs if required
Key Qualifications/Requirements
Bachelor's degree in software engineering, Electrical Engineering or comparable relevant experience related technical field required, master's degree is a plus
Knowledge in the software development and execution of automotive electronics products
Experience working in a high-level collaborative environment and promoting a teamwork mentality
Managerial experience applying analytical thinking and problem-solving skills
Knowledge of product development engineering practices in automotive field
Requirements management / decomposition. Experienced in use of requirements management tools. Familiar with concepts such as base lining, inheritance etc.
Profound technical knowledge of automotive electronics products. Familiar with typical automotive OEM requirements. Can anticipate customer requirements, even if not stated in customer documentation
Strong knowledge of ISO21434
Experience with cyber security in embedded systems especially in combination with Autosar and Cryptography
Experience with defining technical concepts for Autosar configuration (e.g. CSM, CryIf, CryptoSW, CryptoHW, SecOc) for Cybersecurity modules and implementation of cybersecurity features (e.g. SecureBoot, SecureStorage, SecureFlashing, Secure ModeHandling, HSM)
Knowledge of structured problem solving (8D) methods and/or techniques
knowledge of MS Office package (especially Excel)
knowledge of analysis and engineering tools such as version control/configuration management, UML tools, static code check tools
Working knowledge of tools such as CANalyzer, CANoe, CANape, neoVI
Benefits
Collegial, supportive and friendly working atmosphere with a "Duz" culture
Attractive and performance-oriented compensation package
Prospects and opportunities for personal and professional development through various training offers
Individual work arrangements through flexible working hours and opportunities to use "Office Work" and "Mobile Work" personally
Corporate benefits program
International and diverse environment and open door culture
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Magna
80807 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates