Jobs by email
freiheit.com technologies
Business Director (m/w/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Business Director (m/w/d)
ABOUT OUR COMPANY
freiheit.com is an internet pioneer, founded in Hamburg in 1999 and developing digital online products for international clients. We have completed hundreds of projects. Our digital products are used by millions of users with thousands of requests per second. Each product has significant strategic relevance for our clients and is therefore crucial for their economic success. Failure is not an option. We are known for our high reputation in the market and highly valued as an employer for our strong and unique sense of community.
For over 24 years, we have been working for the “Who's Who” of German and European industrial and commercial companies – across all sectors. Trade, automotive, e-commerce, healthcare, and more. We have ambitious targets for growth in the coming years and are therefore expanding our international team, especially in the commercial area.
We currently have a team of 200 people from 29 nations in our Engineering Hubs in Hamburg and Lisbon. For both hubs, we are looking for ambitious and well-qualified business experts with excellent university degrees. Read below to find out what our expectations are, and what you can expect from us.
We look forward to receiving your application!
ABOUT YOUR JOB
You are responsible for the commercial success of international software projects, working with a highly qualified management team led by our founders.
You maintain and expand successful relationships with our clients, with a clear vision of the future.
You actively build up new successful relationships with prospects and leads and turn them into clients. You shape the start of new projects together with our Engineering Organization.
You understand our clients’ business goals and the derived product strategy, and support our software engineers in implementing them. In doing so, you lead several accounts in a highly agile environment and ensure effective, reliable and data-driven product development.
You are a trustful partner for our clients on C-Level, and actively remove all of your teams’ impediments that need to be solved on management level.
Throughout your work, you advance and monitor our business and growth targets through long-term project planning.
ABOUT YOU
You are an entrepreneur at heart and make the economic success of your projects as well as the success and satisfaction of your customers your top priority.
You have a first-class university degree in the field of economics and can prove your first years of professional experience in successfully managing and extending client relationships, – preferably in a start-up.
You are able to handle several accounts and set priorities.
You are enthusiastic about digital technology.
You think and act like an entrepreneur: you are independent, driven by numbers and data, and solution-oriented.
You are confident in dealing with numbers and have an analytical mindset.
You are fluent in German and English.
Your outstanding communication skills and your intuition for our customers’ needs enable you to confidently and convincingly work with top management on the client side.
You are committed to improving yourself and learning something new every day. You enjoy thinking ahead and contributing to the decision-making process. You accept challenges without losing sight of possible risks.
You are honest and have a sense of humor. You are captivating, charming and assertive. You don't want just any job, you want to make a difference with your ideas and your skills.
ABOUT OUR COMMUNITY
In our Engineering Hubs in Hamburg and Lisbon you will meet people from all over the world – different cultures, origins, languages, genders, and lifestyles. We love diversity and openness.
If you ask anyone why they work here, it's pretty likely that they will say “because of the people” and “because I've never learned so much in my life”. Our company is a place where you can be yourself, aim high, care for each other, and grow without limits.
In our centrally located offices, our community meets not only to work, but also to play pool and have fun with team members and find some new friends.
But more importantly, we offer you the opportunity to be responsible for realizing a complete project from the idea to the implementation, working on interesting tasks with intelligent people.
WANT TO JOIN US?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
freiheit.com technologies
Budapester Straße 45, 20359 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Coaching
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.