Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Senior Full Stack Developer (m/f/d) - onsite or remote within the EU
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
We are currently looking for a skilled & passionate Senior Full Stack Developer (m/f/d) to become part of one of our Tech Teams onsite in Hamburg or remote within the EU!
All developers at ABOUT YOU are driven by the love of creating outstanding user experiences across our high-scalable applications. Your work will impact the future of how eCommerce is experienced by millions of customers. As a Full Stack Developer (m/f/d), you will be responsible for contributing to the application architecture and doing intensive, design orientated development on both Frontend and Backend code.
Leap to the next level in your career by building game-changing eCommerce Software and Shop.
What you will do
Build high traffic web applications with PHP (, Symfony) and JavaScript (Vue.js, React.js)
Engage in decisions ranging from UX Design to Backend architecture together with the Tech Lead and explore new technologies
Build internal & external RESTful API as well as beautiful user interfaces
Work with agile processes that are adapted to the team’s and ’s needs
Exchange your knowledge with other developers and be part of our ABOUT YOU TECH community
Who you are
Excellent & MVP-focused coding skills in PHP (/Symfony) minimum of 4 years
Practical & recent experience with JS Frameworks like Vue, or Native
Solid background in building complex and beautiful products which are able to handle the requests by millions of users
Good technical understanding of RESTful API’s
Passionate about writing well-structured, efficient and maintainable code, actively keeping the quality of the code base in check
Used to work in an English-speaking environment
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times (10 AM - 16 PM German Time Zone as core working-time)
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere at the Office
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux) also for private usage
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Free access to online learning platforms like Laracast, Egghead and A Cloud Guru
Help in relocation and VISA process
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU.
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland