Jobs by email
Exyte Management GmbH
IT Audit Manager (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Your vision is ambitious. Just like ours.
Exyte is a global leader in the design, engineering, and delivery of ultra-clean and sustainable facilities for high-tech industries. With cutting-edge expertise developed over more than a century, we serve clients in the sophisticated markets of semiconductors, battery cells, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. Exyte offers a full range of services from consulting to managing the implementation of turnkey solutions with the highest standards in safety and quality to our customers worldwide. We create a better future by enabling key industries to enhance the quality of modern life. In 2021, Exyte generated sales of EUR 4.9 billion with around 7,400 employees worldwide.
Our people are our success. As one of us, you will contribute to engineering excellence for the high-tech markets of the future, including semiconductors, batteries, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. At Exyte, you will be part of a global community of challenge seekers who are ambitious and passionate about innovation. Together, we will build on our company’s long history and keep on leading the way to a better world.
We're looking for highly motivated individuals to join our dynamic, diverse and very engaged internal audit team. We offer a high-profile and growing internal audit function, with good visibility on all management levels and a track record for developing employees into senior roles across our different business areas.
Discover your exciting role
In this role you will have the opportunity to lead, coordinate and participate in the organization and execution of internal audits in all the IT areas within our company globally. Responsibilities include scoping, fieldwork, coordination, communication with senior management and action planning.
Explore your tasks and responsibilities
Analysis and assessment of the IT risk and threat landscape, the organizational structure and relevant IT processes and controls
Develop recommendations for improving the effectiveness and efficiency of IT applications, processes and structures
Strengthening of reliable and trusting cooperation with relevant stakeholders, with a focus on the IT organization, among other things
Plan and perform IT internal audits and advisory services according to the company’s annual internal audit plan and business needs
Reviewing processes as part of audits and identification of improvement measures in collaboration with responsible process owners
Preparing audit reports and reporting of internal audit results and improvement potential to the VP of Corporate Internal Audit
Presenting audit results to responsible senior management, department heads and process owners, agreeing on findings and improvement measures
Monitoring of the implementation of the agreed recommendations
Support in data analytics set-up and additional projects within the Internal Audit function
Show your expertise
Academic degree in computer science, information security, engineering or comparable
5 - 7 years of relevant experience
Experience in the areas of Information Technology  (audit, risk management, IT process and controls)
Has performed and/or managed different types of audits in multinational organizations
Preferably experience in EPC, manufacturing or engineering based industry
Relevant certifications such as CISA, CIA or ISO 27001 Lead Auditor are an advantage
Knowledge of SAP solutions and cloud technologies is an advantage
Fluent in German and English, both written and spoken, other language is a plus
Willingness to travel internationally
Experience in predictive analytics/data analytics is a plus
Independent, motivated, responsible approach to work
Good communication skills
Willing to challenge the status-quo and to propose ideas for continuous improvemen
Get more than just a job
Engineer World Changing Facilities
Health & Well-being
Environment of Excellence
Career Growth
Commitment to an Incident-Free Workplace (IFW)
Global Opportunities
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Exyte Management GmbH
Löwentorbogen 9b, 70376 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -