Jobs by email
Deutsches Zentrum für Neurodegenerative Erkrankungen e.V. (DZNE)
Data Scientist (f/m/x) to take the Position of the Service Leader of the Image and Data Facility (IDAF)
Bonn
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
The German Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases (DZNE) is a world-leading internationally oriented research center, committed to discovering new approaches to prevent and treat neurodegenerative diseases. To this end, researchers at ten DZNE sites across Germany pursue a translational and interdisciplinary strategy comprising five interconnected areas: fundamental research, clinical research, health care research, population health science, and systems medicine (www.dzne.de).
The DZNE in Bonn is looking for a
Data Scientist (f/m/x) to take the Position of the Service Leader of the Image and Data Facility (IDAF)
Code 1183/2023/2
in our Core Research Facilities department.
We are seeking individuals with a high motivation to work in a service-oriented team with strong expertise in bioimaging analysis and programming.
Opportunities
You will become part of an inspiring team of experts in neurobiology, microscopy imaging, drug discovery, and data science with the common goal of finding new therapies to cure neurodegenerative diseases.
You will be always at the cutting edge of scientific literature to identify promising new technologies in the fast-moving field of image analysis, data analysis, and artificial intelligence and to develop innovative methods for biomedical image recognition.
As you will be involved in a variety of projects, you will grow your expertise in applied data science and signal processing. Working in a stimulating research environment, you will get in touch with world-leading experts in neuroscience leveraging the latest biotechnological methods such as high content screening microscopy, super-resolution microscopy, and laboratory automation technologies.
Your role
We are seeking the service leader of our Image and Data Analysis Facility (IDAF) to join the team of the Core Research Facilities and services at the DZNE in Bonn. The successful candidate will work for the CRFS, coordinate the provision of image data services to the scientists at the DZNE, and further develop the services in close collaboration with the CRFS staff, imaging communities, technology developers, industry, funders, related EU initiatives, etc. The responsibilities of this position include:
Developing and implementing a strategy for the IDAF
Identifying community needs and challenges for image data services, especially regarding domain-specific added value databases and image data analysis tools, and feed them into the IDAF data service strategy
Promoting commonly developed solutions for tackling image data challenges (e.g., image data provision according to FAIR principles, image data standards, data management plans, etc.)
Identifying and securing funding opportunities to further develop and scale the IDAF image data services in the future
Supervising a team of image data service experts
The coordinator for image data services will work closely with and report to the head of the CRFS
Managing the administrative tasks of the IDAF, including budget management
You have
We are seeking a team player, who is positive, bright, and ready to take ownership and responsibility for the tasks. The ideal candidate should bring along:
Ph.D. or equivalent education with a minimum of three to five years as a senior image analyst, data science degree, or someone with a life sciences degree and experience in data science
In-depth understanding of biomedical data / images and extensive experience as a data scientist / in machine learning
Circa five years of experience in machine learning and other AI methods for scientific data processing
Familiarity with programming languages such as Python, Java, C# / C++, R, or MATLAB as well as the ability to perform statistical analysis of quantitative data is preferred
Experience in cluster computing and high-performance computing
High level of motivation, multitasking capabilities and ability to work independently
Experience in coordination of image data services across several stakeholders (users, research group leaders, etc.), preferably in a scientific environment, with proven ability to effectively interact with multiple stakeholders on an interdisciplinary level
Experience in team building, team supervision, communication, marketing, and professional networking
Experience with CellProfiler, ImageJ, IMARIS, and software development is considered a plus
A high level of computational literacy is required as the experience of working in a high-paced professional, academic environment. The successful candidate is a motivated self-starter with a proven ability to manage independently project implementation and delivery within a multi-disciplinary team environment. Effective multi-tasking and the ability to work with tight deadlines are also required. The candidate needs to have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to move between the scientific and managerial levels. A high standard of written and spoken English is mandatory.
You might also have:
Experience in funding acquisition
Experience in in-memory-driven computing
Understanding of advanced microscopy imaging techniques
We offer
An interesting and challenging task in a research center that works on the future topics of health research
An international environment characterized by a strong focus on science and research
A high potential for the individual development of our employees
Targeted personnel development
A full-time position, initially temporary limited to 2 years
Employment, payment, and social benefits are determined by the Public Sector Collective Agreement (Tarifvertrag für den öffentlichen Dienst – TVöD Bund).
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Deutsches Zentrum für Neurodegenerative Erkrankungen e.V. (DZNE)
53127 Bonn, Deutschland