Jobs by email
IGEL Technology GmbH
Engineer Linux Security (m/f/d)
Bremen, Augsburg, Karlsruhe
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Work is now defined by what we do, not where we go. The widely distributed workforce is here to stay. 
IGEL allows workers to thrive, regardless of the environment, while organizations retain full management, control, and security of user endpoints. IGEL secures and simplifies digital workspaces in healthcare, finance, retail, higher education, government, and manufacturing organizations around the world. All we’re missing is: YOU 
Ihre Aufgaben
With our Linux-based IGEL OS and our central management service, millions of endpoint devices are operated worldwide. Together with 100+ partners such as Citrix, VMware, Microsoft
or Amazon, we enable a wide range of Virtual Desktop Infrastructure and Desktop as a Service applications. We leverage the full power of endpoints and offer our customers a secure platform.
Our development department implements the entire software development process and is responsible for the operating system and the integration of the various VDI solutions. To drive technical and content innovation, it integrates new software solutions based on modern technologies in the area of cloud computing and continuously develops the operating system.
As a Security Engineer (m/f/d) in our Linux development, you will ensure that the products meet the latest security requirements for enterprise use. You will support the team in security issues and work on the implementation of security-critical components yourself. 
If you are looking for an exciting security task and like to think along with the team, you should consider this role with IGEL. 
You develop security concepts for our software and implement them with the team
You will support the teams in re-design, new developments and in the expansion of automated security tests
You will develop and establish a Secure Software Development Lifecycle (SSDLC) in the Linux development department
You create secure coding guidelines
You create and monitor the SonarQube code quality rules
You create AppArmor profiles
Ihr Profil
You have a degree in computer science, mathematics or relevant professional experience with qualified technical education
You are proficient in C and C++ programming and you are familiar with scripting languages such as Bash and Python
You have experience with software development under Linux
You are familiar with the structure and functionality of Linux operating systems
You are familiar with common development tools (Git, Bitbucket, TeamCity)
You are familiar with secure coding guidelines
You have experience with measures that increase security in software development such as static code analysis, code review and automated tests
You have the ability to grasp complex contexts and to work out content independently   
Wir bieten
A thorough induction into the company and our products
A workplace run on trust, empowerment, and feedback with a positive, inspiring working atmosphere
Competitive salary and great IT equipment
Individual further training opportunities for your career
Flexible working times, so that you can combine your demanding work with your private goals and requirements.
Free beverages and fruits, diverse sports offerings, co-financed company pension plan and much more benefits
Light-flooded and ultra-modern new offices in Bremen, Augsburg and Karlsruhe
A highly motivated team that is already looking forward to your support and to developing strategies and achieving common goals together with you 
... and much more! 
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.