Jobs by email
Schneider Electric GmbH
Test Engineer / Systemtestingenieur (f/m/d) Functional Safety
Marktheidenfeld, Lahr
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
We at Schneider Electric are involved everywhere. From transformer substations to sockets, from smart homes to industry 4.0 – we are pushing ahead with digitization. Our customers know what they have in us and our 144,000 employees in over 100 countries. Always with the big picture in mind, sustainability and our employees in mind, we offer far more than products – we offer solutions, customer proximity and innovation.
Join our team and be significantly involved in the success of Schneider Electric through your work and personality!
  Life Is On – What About you?
Your responsibilities:
In this position you will cooperate with various international R&D product areas for the specification and implementation of Industrial protocol.
You will also be working together with experts on definition of existing and new Interoperability test strategies.
As part of your role you ensure internal certification of equipment and support of product areas in external certifications according to our standards.
In addition, you will experience the diverse possibilities of a global corporation with development centers spread across all continents.
Would you like to learn more about the Location Marktheidenfeld? Then take a look here!
Our offer:
You will be part of a growing company with a positive industry reputation, who is a recognized leader in a market where energy services are in demand.
You will be joining an entrepreneurial company with a positive corporate culture and strong team culture.
We offer a competitive salary and bonus opportunities with excellent benefits.
You may develop different interests in the future? With Schneider Electric, you have all the development opportunities an international group can provide.
About you:
You hold a Bachelor or Master degree of Electrical Engineering, Automation Technology or related as well as several years of professional experience in Functional Safety.
As an expert you have good knowledge of automation technology including device integration into software products.
As we work in an international environment, you are fluent in written and spoken English.
Your next step – apply of course!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Schneider Electric GmbH
Marktheidenfeld, Lahr, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.