Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
AR/VR UI Frameworks Engineer
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
The Technology Development Group (TDG) is looking for a Software Engineer to help us build UI frameworks that will drive the next generation of interactive experiences for our platform. This team is working with some of Apple's most advanced technologies including augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR), machine learning (ML) and computer vision (CV). As a member of our organization you will drive exploration of future products that will delight, inspire and empower millions of people.
Tasks
Apple’s UI frameworks define the look and feel of our software and products.
This team is working with some of Apple’s most advanced technologies including augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR). We work closely with human interface designers and internal clients to define and deliver the foundation of the next generation of user interfaces and entirely new interaction models. As a member of our organization, you will have the opportunity to help shape future products that will delight, inspire, and empower millions of people.
Our team plays a central role and the code we ship acts as the foundation for many other teams across the organization. Flexibility, tenacity, and the ability to quickly adapt as priorities change will be critical to your success.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
2+ years of experience in software development
Experience working on developer-facing frameworks OR experience working with UI frameworks in customer-facing applications
Attention to detail, creativity, passion, and excellent communication and collaboration skills
Proficiency in Swift or Objective-C
***Preferred but not essential***
Experience delivering developer-facing UI frameworks OR developing latency-critical, interactive UI
Broad exposure to UI frameworks (CoreAnimation, UIKit, AppKit, React, etc.)
Experience developing 3D or AR/VR applications or games
Education and Experience
BS / MS in Computer Science OR equivalent degree OR equivalent experience
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €