Jobs by email
INSYS TEST SOLUTIONS GmbH
Team Leader Test System Integration & Development (f/m/d)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
At INSYS test we build test systems which match our customer specific requirements.
To do so, we can either use our own technologies to build a customised test bench or integrate together purchased equipment with customized software (or mix of both).
Example of the latest test systems developed are Life Time Tester, Electrical Tester for LV124 norm, High Voltage tester and many more.
For our location in Regensburg we are looking for a full-time (40h / week) position for the next possible date:
Team Leader Test System Integration & Development (f/m/d)
Reference code: 500-03-23
Your tasks – diverse and varied:
You will be responsible for supervising, managing and motivating team members on a daily basis. The team is compound of five members with different skill set: software developer (C#), firmware developer, hardware developer, system integrator with TestStand, LabVIEW, and in house-solution.
Create an inspiring team environment with an open communication culture
Set clear team goals, delegate tasks and set deadlines
Monitor team performance and report on metrics
Monitor project costs and take actions in case of deviations
Project lead with customer contact
Lead the development of existing and new products
Create new test bench concepts, especially in the high voltage area
Coordinate with other team leaders to successfully accomplish the projects
Develop software, firmware or hardware together with the team
We expect from you - enthusiasm and passion:
Master’s degree in computer science, electronics, or similar fields
Degree in Management or training in team leading is a plus
Several years of professional experience in leading a cross-cultural team with various skill set
Expertise in software, firmware and hardware development
Expertise in test system environment
Experience in Automotive testing (e.g. knowledge of bus systems, ECU types, electric cars)
Experience with common industry testing tools (e.g. CANoe, LabVIEW, TestStand)
Knowledge of NI hardware such as CompactRIO is an advantage
Communication skills, openness, initiative and flexibility
Very good knowledge of English, good knowledge of German
We offer you - fair pay and trust:
Flat hierarchies
Permanent employment
Flexible working hours
Mobile work
Dynamic team
Corporate events
Mobility offers
Employer-funded pension
We look forward to receiving your application documents.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
INSYS TEST SOLUTIONS GmbH
Wernerwerkstr. 4, 93049 Regensburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -