Jobs by email
curasan AG
Projektmanager / Strategic - Executive Project Manager (m/f/d)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
About us:
curasan develops, manufactures and markets medical products for bone and tissue regeneration.
As a pioneer in the growth market of regenerative medicine, curasan specializes primarily in biomimetic bone regeneration materials for use in dental, oral and maxillofacial surgery, as well as in orthopedics, trauma, and spinal surgery.
For our headquarters in Frankfurt am Main we are seeking a
Strategic / Executive Project Manager (m/f/d)
The Project Manager will understand the big picture and how each initiative relates to our overall goals. On behalf of the CEO he or she will create and manage project plans, execute tasks, make stuff happen and keep things moving!
This role requires demonstrated excellence in a variety of competencies, including: problem solving, strategic planning, analytical thinking, excellent communication skills and a strong ability to work with changing priorities and on multiple initiatives. Experience in medical technologies is a plus.
Computer skills are a must, including proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint and Project Management Software.
Working closely with all levels of management, this individual must be flexible in nature and collaborative, with the ability to foster teamwork and cooperation within the broader organization and build strong relationships with employees and outside partners.
The Project Manager will be based out of Frankfurt, Germany, and must have the ability to travel frequently - sometimes with short notice - to accomplish exciting goals to move the business forward!
Key Responsibilities:
Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of multiple projects
Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget
Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant internal stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility
Develop a detailed project plan to monitor and track progress
Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule, and project costs using appropriate verification techniques
Measure performance using appropriate project management tools and techniques
Report and escalate to management as needed
Perform risk management to minimize potential risks
Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation
Use and continually develop leadership skills
Attend conferences and training as required to maintain proficiency
Perform other related duties as assigned
Desired Skills and Experience:
Proven working experience in project management
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multitasking skills
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office
Project Management Professional (PMP) / PRINCE II certification is a plus
Bachelor's Degree in appropriate field of study or equivalent work experience
Experience with project management software tools
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
curasan AG
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland