Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Manufacturing Engineer with IT orientation (f/m/div.)
Bietigheim-Bissingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 20 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Bietigheim-Bissingen
Your tasks
As a well experienced Manufacturing Engineer & IT oriented enthusiast, you are responsible for the Business Process Design and Build within a Value Stream with a focus on the Manufacturing Area M2S (Value Stream Approach). Manufacturing Processes as well as focus IT areas MES and ERP are not nameless for you.
You are in a close collaboration with other Business Units within the mobility company and central departments.
Last but not least, you represent the Business Unit needs and follow a Requirements Engineering process to shape our future process oriented organization.
Your profile
Education: completed university degree (Bachelor/Diploma/PhD) in mechanical engineering, economics, electrical engineering, business informatics, computer science or a comparable subject
Personality and Working Practice: responsible working style; negotiation skills; ability and willingness to collaborate in a team; open to new problems, processes and challenges; team player; outcome oriented; passion for IT
Experience and Knowledge: Manufacturing Planning Know How and first experiences within PLC, MES and ERP (SAP PP Modul e.g.) Process Know How
Languages: business fluent in English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Asperger Straße 24, 74321 Bietigheim-Bissingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.