Jobs by email
Valeo eAutomotive Germany GmbH
Low-Level Software Developer (m/f/d)
Erlangen bei Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
We will electrify you – become part of an innovative team
Thanks to its strategy focused on innovation, Valeo is at the heart of the three revolutions which are disrupting the automotive sector: electrification, autonomous and connected cars, and digital mobility. These are revolutions that Valeo has been able to anticipate and which today provide amazing career opportunities, including internationally! At Valeo, innovation is driven by the diversity, authenticity and energy of its talent. Are you looking for new technological and human adventures? Join Valeo and its 103,300 employees across 31 countries!
State-of-the-art powertrain technology for an electric future of mobility – that is our goal at Valeo eAutomotive Germany GmbH. In the Powertrain Electrified Mobility (PEM) business unit, more than 1,500 employees at the Erlangen, Herzogenaurach and Bad Neustadt sites are currently researching, developing and testing everything that drives an e-vehicle – in particular e-motors, e-axles and other HV components of the latest performance class.
Valeo eAutomotive is looking for a Low-Level Software Developer (m/f/d) at the Erlangen site with immediate effect.
Your new task – thrilling and future-oriented
Technical responsibility for one or more related SW modules from concept phase to implementation and testing
Coordination of the requirements with the SW architects and the product owners
Implementation of the requirements in our requirements engineering tool (e.g. Doors, Teamcenter, Polarion)
Creation of detailed design specifications and reviews with the responsible product owner
Your qualifications – sound and specific
Successfully completed studies in automotive engineering or electrical engineering or a comparable field of study
About 4 years of professional experience in SW development for the control of electrical automotive drives
Very good programming skills in C or embedded microcontroller programming
Good knowledge in the use of common debugging tools (e.g. Lauterbach Trace32)
Experience in model-based unit testing and software validation
Your advantage with us – sustainable and international
MONEY. Our collective bargaining agreement is more attractive than you might think.
RELIABILITY. Our order intake is in the billions worldwide.
E-FUTURE. Together we are working on the mega issue of the automotive industry.
DEVELOPMENT. We offer and promote career opportunities worldwide.
FLEXIBILITY. Work models that harmonize their professional and private lives.
PARTICIPATION. Allowances for sports, health, retirement benefits, canteen and much more.
ELECTRICITY. Recharge your e-vehicle for free at our 80 charging stations on site.
This is how you get in contact with us – simply and directly
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Valeo eAutomotive Germany GmbH
Frauenauracher Straße 85, 91056 Erlangen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -