Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Physical Design Engineer (New Graduate)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, ideas have a way of becoming excellent products very quickly. Do you want to bring passion and dedication to your job? There's no telling what you could accomplish at Apple. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same real passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices — we continue to strengthen our dedication to leave the world better than we found it. By now the industry is accustomed to Apple taping out the SoCs for our various products at a detailed pace. To achieve this, our special design processes are motivated by our outstanding Physical Design engineers. Join us!
As SoC Digital Physical Design Engineer, you will take part in the large scale SoC physical design cycle from netlist to tape-out, including the full flow of back-end implementation and verification always meeting schedule and design goals. Are you ready to join some of the world's leading engineers, and help us deliver the next generation of ground-breaking Apple products?
Description
This position is for a fresh graduate in the field of electrical engineering who can demonstrate a drive and an aptitude to become a specialist in these filed. In doing so, you would be comfortable in identifying and driving several initiatives and improvement projects to completion.
In this role, you will work within a segment of Apple’s Engineering team responsible for various fields. Product Physical Implementation of a complete SoC from netlist, Floor-planning, clock, and power distribution, place & route.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Previous confirmed internship or project work in the above fields – advantage
Knowledge in Verilog (understanding Netlist) – advantage.
Knowledge in logic synthesis - advantage
Knowledge in static timing analysis and SDC constraints – advantage
VHDL, scripting languages, RTL coding are optional
Work on their initiative
Motivated and hardworking to learn
Strong problem-solving skills
Ability to work well in a team and be productive under tight schedules
Education and Experience
Undergraduate in the last year or postgraduate of your BSc/MSc in Electrical Engineering from a leading university
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, and individuals with disabilities.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Apple Distribution International ULC
München, Deutschland