Jobs by email
Mercedes Pay GmbH
Payment Operations Specialist (f/m/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002FSK
Tasks
WHAT WE DO
Pay directly from the car: Mercedes pay supports, among other things, in-car payments as well as payment processing via app and in the web shop.
We want customers’ contact with Mercedes pay and the payment transactions on the global platform to be as seamless as possible. We are also developing exciting new payment products and solutions to provide customers with an even better user and payment experience.
WHO WE ARE
Mercedes pay GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG. Mercedes pay plays a fundamental part in the mobility and digitalisation strategy of Mercedes-Benz Group AG. We operate the central payment processing platform and act as the competence centre for payments at Mercedes-Benz.
Mercedes pay launched in its first market in September 2018. We are now active in more than 40 countries on five continents, processing transactions for Mercedes-Benz products and services. Depending on the market, Mercedes pay may process transactions from Mercedes me connect store, the Mercedes me app, in-car payments or even supporting online vehicle sales.
WHAT YOU WILL DO:
As part of the Payment operations team you will be taking accountability of issues that occur on our payment platform and will be proactive in searching for potential solutions to achieve the best possible outcome for our merchants
You’ll be responsible for supporting merchants and integrators with technical questions for new and existing product offerings
You’ll be working closely with the product owners, gaining an in-depth understanding of the product in order to establish the necessary operational processes
You make sure that all operational processes are compliant with Daimler policies and external laws and regulations
You’ll be involved in the full life cycle from onboarding, while implementation of new partners, to the supervision and analysis of their performance; working closely with other internal departments
You’ll ensure timely and professional communication within internal and external parties as well as ensuring that department deadlines are met in a timely manner
Qualifications
WHAT WE EXPECT
You have successfully completed your studies in the field of business or gained equivalent work experience
You have comprehensive working knowledge of the e-commerce business and an understanding of the online payment sector
You have experience in working in an IT support function
You have an understanding of technical integrations and API Flows
You have strong quantitative, problem solving and analytical skills
You have very good knowledge of MS Office, Confluence, Jira and Salesforce Sales processes
You have fluent business German and English skills (spoken and written)
WHAT WE OFFER
Modern and dynamic work environment
Flexible and mobile working
Attractive fitness offer
Numerous employee discounts
Excellent infrastructure
This is a full-time job (also suitable for part-time). We particularly welcome applications from disabled persons. Please apply online via www.group.mercedes-benz.com/careers (ID:MER0002FSK). For questions, please don’t hesitate to contact the HR Team of Mercedes pay GmbH: career_mercedespay@mercedes-benz.com.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes Pay GmbH
70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland