Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Software Integration Engineer, WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Join our Wireless Technologies and Eco-Systems Engineering (WTE) team and drive innovation that matters! We build and seamlessly integrated technologies that enrich people’s lives and deliver the best user-experience. We're a passionate and critical team that helps drive design, develop and integrate cellular chipsets in Apple products. You will join a hands-on system integration team that nurtures creativity and generates novel solutions to deliver engineering perfection!
Description
We are looking for an excellent Engineer to join our organisation and help us to drive and to improve the software integration for our cellular baseband products. You will be crafting and operating an efficient, robust, scalable integration & testing infrastructure and required tools. This requires in-depth technical understanding of software processes, integration flows, test environments and test cases. You’re capable to handle test environments which runs on simulated systems as-well real product hardware.
You should be a person who is experienced, motivated and confident, self-organized and capable to pursue and solve issues related to all aspects of software integration. Your’e always stretching to improve the existing workflow. You love to work with teams of integrators, developers and test engineers across the organisation in multiple timezones and cultures;
You have ~3yr+ background working in software integration from any domain of the industry. Software development background is welcome but focus is on the integration part.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Software testing and integration automation workflows
Test framework integration workflow
Experience and familiarity with version control systems, Git & Gerrit workflow and use cases
Design/Implementation/Operation of Jenkins pipeline and groovy scripting
Unix cmd line and shell scripting, Python scripting
Bug-tracking tools
Triaging capabilities
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, ability to work in multi-disciplinary teams and to present complex technical topics to a multi-level audience
Strong ability to work autonomously in alignment with team mates and other peers in multiple time zones and cultures
Education and Experience
Required is a Bachelor or Master degree in computer science or equivalent degree.
Why Apple?
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €