Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Software Verification Architect (all genders)-In Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V664
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
General
Leads definition of test plan for the MBition SW-System delivery, including the definition of the verification KPIs.
Ensure automotive and Software technical compliance of the validation and verification strategy.
Communicate with the Requirements Manager and the Architects to ensure the traceability and consistency between the project definition (left hand side) and the verification (right hand side).
Ensure the validation and verification activities are understood and implementable by the development/ testing teams.
Define the business requirements and guide the implementation for all the activities on the test plan. This includes the environment, tooling and reporting of the test activities. 
Develop strategies to gain control over the quality of the product, by having a clear project view and understanding of the testing process and reporting.
Support the QA Engineers to develop strategies to improve the implementation of the test plan; ensuring alignment between process, infrastructure and reporting.
Communicates via the Domain test leads with the project. 
Plan the roll-out of Test activities. 
Support the Test Managers on the KPI reporting.
Test Environment
Support the development of test environments.
Maintain the business requirements, related to the SW Infrastructure and reporting of the test activities.
Definition of Test Plan
Lead the  definition of Test Plan, Test Activities, and guidelines. 
Quality Assurance
Responsible for making sure test results are correctly reflected
Responsible for making sure an acceptable level of quality is reached for the documentation of test environment, test plan and test activities.
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education
You have successfully completed your studies with a Degree in Computer Science or have comparable relevant education or significant expertise that enables you to fill this role. 
 Experience:
+10 years of hands-on experience on software/system development and/or testing, especially on safety critical software. 
Demonstrate ability to understand the applicability of industry software development standards.
Demonstrate ability to understand software development concepts; such as traceability, software/system architecture and testing.
Experience with large-scale Agile frameworks (SAFe, LeSS, Scrum@Scale)
Deep working knowledge of audit approach in software development departments.
Knowledge of ASPICE, ISO 9001, ISO 21434 and ISO 26262.
Knowledge of coding and development guidelines and testing methodologies. 
Knowledge of tools used on embedded software development, such as VectorCAST, Lcov/Gcov, LDRA, Coverity (Static Code Analysis), Google Test, etc.
Experience with JIRA and Confluence.
 Personal skills:
Strong analytic and problem solving skills.
Effective communication and negotiation skills with development and testing teams.
Self-driven and adaptive personality, performing as both project leader and individual contributor as the project needs dictates.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work in a great open minded team with ambitious goals
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Daimler AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information: 
Job title and reference number 
Salary expectations 
Earliest start date 
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
 You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.  
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.