Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Cellular Standardisation Engineer - WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Join the Wireless Technology and Ecosystems (WTE) organisation and be part of an outstanding team of engineers. Working with multi-functional teams to drive innovation and develop products used by millions worldwide. We are looking for a highly reciprocal individual who can excel in a high-paced environment! As a Wireless Standardisation Engineer, you will be responsible for representing Apple and driving Apple’s strategic curiosity about related standard bodies. With the extraordinary opportunity to build innovations that benefit Apple’s product lines and generate new IP, you will be working in a team with multifaceted strengths in Apple’s global standardization activities.
Tasks
As a Standardisation Engineer, you will be responsible for the development of standards for wireless system radio interface L2/L3 protocols (RRC/SDAP/PDCP/RLC/MAC), network architecture and interface protocols, system architecture and functionalities, or protocols for NAS, VoLTE/VoWi-Fi/VoNR/SMS, location services etc. You will actively participate in 3GPP RAN2/RAN3/SA1/SA2/SA6/CT1 meetings representing Apple, and drive company strategic interests in those organizations. You will also support various internal teams to bring new ideas and define new features. This role may require occasional international travel/transatlantic travel.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Solid understanding of wireless/internet standards, including but not limited to 3GPP 5G-NR/5GC, 4G, 3G and their applications
Direct hands-on experience in participation in major global standardization organizations, such as 3GPP, GSMA, NGMN, ETSI, etc, with a proven track record in achieving effective standardization deliveries
Validated abilities of effectively leading multi-functional groups on technical initiatives and IP generations
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ambitious, enthusiastically hardworking and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways.
Education and Experience
Masters/PhD or equivalant and wireless systems experience.
Why Apple?
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products.
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €