Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Applications and Support Engineer for LINUX IT Infrastructure (f/m/div.)
Reutlingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Reutlingen
Your tasks
As Application and Support Engineer you will work on the further development and implementation of concepts and methods for LINUX-based IT infrastructure in ASIC development for use in automotive electronics (servers, HPC, Exceed-on-Demand, VMWare-ESX, storage).
Furthermore, you will ensure the operation and support of our Linux IT infrastructure system in strong collaboration with other 
ASIC-Design departments worldwide. 
You will work with the IT team on the concept development and implementation of cross-departmental IT Infrastructure systems in world-wide networked corporate divisions to improve ASIC design capability and taking user
requirements into account.
In addition, you will support all Bosch ASIC designers worldwide as part of the CAD (Computer Aided Design) and IT team. You will be responsible for ensuring and improving the stability of the hardware and software environment.
In addition, you will be responsible for consulting, specifying and developing new IT solutions and enhancements together with the team. Thereby you are responsible for the implementation of script-based software solutions (UNIX/LINUX).
Last but not least, you will be responsible for the pilot operation, release and quality assurance of our IT systems. The close cooperation with the central IT as well as the implementation of the security standards falls within your scope of activities.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (bachelor's degree/master's degree/diploma) in computer engineering, electrical engineering or a comparable subject
Personality and Working Practice: team player, flexible, responsible, committed, goal-oriented
Experience and Knowledge: knowledge of the products for networking, integration and coupling of different operating systems as well as
their mutual access; knowledge of common software development tools and applications for connecting different IT infrastructures; experience in the support of Hardware, storage and virtual environments (ESX server).
Qualifications: knowledge of Unix/Linux administration and shell script programming (csh, sh, ksh, bash, TCL/TK)
Languages: very good communication skills in written and spoken English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Tübinger Straße 123, 72770 Reutlingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.