Jobs by email
BSI GROUP LIMITED
Medical Device Auditor(ISO13485) - IVD/Organics (m/w/d)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
For over 100 years BSI has shaped standards of excellence adopted by organizations world-wide.
BSI began in 1901 with the 1st meeting of the engineering Standards Committee, convened by John Wolfe-Barry, designer of London’s Tower Bridge.
In 1903 our Kitemark was registered and as such is one of the oldest Trustmarks still in use today.
BSI was the first National Standards Body and a founding member of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO).
Our 3rdGeneration of Standards are centred around behaviour and values to help organizations reach their full potential through their people.
Deine Aufgaben
Medical Device Auditor - IVD/Organics (m/f)
Germany(home based) – Native German language required
As a Medical Device Auditor, you’ll travel to medical device manufacturers across Europe, Middle East and Africa and occasionally USA. You’ll help these manufacturers to improve their performance by assessing their ISO 13485 quality management system, so they can ensure patient safety and comply with regulatory procedures.
In the first six months of being a Medical Device Auditor you’ll:
Be given training in ISO 13485 Lead Auditor training, MDSAP (Medical Device Single Audit Programme) and MDR (Medical Device Regulation)
Initially observe how audits are conducted but then grow to conduct them on an individual basis on site at medical device manufacturers across EMEA and remotely from your home office
In a typical week after being fully trained you’ll:
Conduct an audit on site or remotely
Write up your reports and liaise with the planning team to manage your audit schedule.
You’ll also continue your development of MDR and be an advocate for the ISO 13485 EMEA Delivery Team.
Key performance indicators:
Delivery of man-days as booked in time and good quality work together with positive feedback from clients
Feedback efficiently to both clients and internal queries
Timely submission of reports
Actively solve problems when needed with “can do” attitude
Add value to clients by identifying their needs and introducing multiple BSI services to improve clients business performance and help them “Make excellence a habit”
Help to avoid customer attrition by providing quality value added service and technical support.
Dein Profil
To thrive in this career, you must:
Have at least 4 years or more being directly accountable for the design or test or manufacture of IVD or organic medical devices
Be degree educated with discipline relevant to IVD/organic devices e.g. chemistry, physical chemistry, molecular genetics, textiles, material science, biology, biotechnology or similar
Demonstrate your experience with IVD reagent/assay development or other medical device coatings/textiles/materials
Have at least 2 years’ experience working in an environment with a Quality Management System established
Be able to speak and write fluently in German and English languages
Be resilient and able to meet audit delivery by travelling frequently across the EMEA region as required.
Was wir bieten
We’re enthusiastic to receive applications from those based in Germany excited by this career opportunity.
Unsere „Excellence Behaviours“: kundenzentriert, agil, kooperativ. Diese drei Verhaltensweisen zeigen, wie wir bei BSI arbeiten. Sie helfen uns sicherzustellen, dass BSI ein hervorragender Arbeitsplatz und ein erfolgreiches Unternehmen ist. Um unsere Bewerber/innen und BSI-Mitarbeiter/innen während der Covid 19 Pandemie zu schützen, finden alle Interviews digital statt.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
BSI GROUP LIMITED
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland