Jobs by email
snapADDY GmbH
UI/UX Designer m/w/d
Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About snapADDY
snapADDY develops software-as-a-service to digitize the world of sales. With our products, we help companies automatically capture contacts and leads at trade shows and in everyday life. In this way, we reduce the unnecessary and cumbersome work of manually entering contacts and improve data quality in CRM systems. Our software solutions enjoy great popularity and are currently used productively by more than 2.000 customers: from start-ups to medium-sized companies and corporations.
Since its founding in 2015, the company has grown from a start-up to a team with over 70 international employees. In January 2021, we opened our second location in Vulaines-sur-Seine, near Paris. Our mission is to become the world's leading company that automatically keeps CRM systems up to date and provides the best quality way to capture contacts and leads.
Your daily doing will involve
Contributing to and further developing our snapADDY product range based on browser extensions, web apps, and mobile apps
Diverse responsibilities related to the creation of effective and self-explanatory user interfaces
Elaborating detailed user concepts and user stories for recently developed functions
Conception of UI components for web technologies
Contributing proactive and pragmatic ideas to improve the user experience in our products
As part of an agile team, you have your own responsibilities and tasks
Working closely with your design and software development colleagues
Your profile
Related experience in the design of modern user interfaces for mobile apps and web apps
Thinking through specified rough concepts, transforming them into user stories, identifying possible edge cases, and refining them into detailed concepts
Experience developing UI components in web app frameworks such as Angular
Strong commitment to quality, independent, proactive, and solution-oriented approach to work
Structured, creative, and autonomous work with a hands-on mentality
An open and friendly personality who enjoys working with colleagues as part of a team
Our Technologies:
UI-Design and Prototyping: Figma
Web and Apps: Angular, Ionic, Sass, JavaScript/TypeScript
Tools: GitHub, Travis CI, Slack, Agile Project Management
What we can offer
Your own challenging area of responsibility, which you can significantly advance
Varied tasks in a motivated and dynamic team
Working in a fast-growing and successful tech startup with flat hierarchies
Working with the latest technologies in a fully equipped 750 m² office in Würzburgs's city center
Free drinks, cereal bar and team events with team dinner
Regular and free massage directly in the office
The best colleagues in town
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €