Jobs by email
European Southern Observatory (ESO)
Software Engineer (m/w/d)
Garching bei München
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
The European Organisation for Astronomical Research in the Southern Hemisphere (ESO) is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world's most productive ground-based astronomical observatory. ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design, construction and operation of powerful ground-based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries.
ESO operates three unique world-class observing sites in northern Chile: La Silla, Paranal and Chajnantor (home to ALMA and APEX), and the ESO Headquarters are located in Garching, near Munich, Germany.
At Paranal, ESO operates the Very Large Telescope, the world's most advanced visible-light astronomical observatory. ESO is a major partner in ALMA, the largest astronomical project in existence. And on Cerro Armazones, ESO is building the 39-metre Extremely Large Telescope (ELT), which will become "the world's biggest eye on the sky" and whose operations will be fully integrated into the Paranal Observatory.
Due to the need for additional resources associated with the ELT programme, for its Control Software and Engineering Department (CSE), within the Directorate of Engineering (DoE) at its Headquarters in Garching, near Munich, Germany, ESO is advertising the position of a Software Engineer.
We are looking for a software engineer to join the team which is implementing control software for the ELT and its instruments. The CSE department comprises a team of almost 50 engineers organized in 5 groups and is responsible for the definition, design and implementation of complex control systems for ESO's telescopes and instruments. The main effort in CSE is spent for the ELT programme, but CSE is also supporting the other ESO programmes using a matrix organization.
Ihre Aufgaben
Main Duties and Responsibilities:
Extension and maintenance of CSE's software development and test environment based on Linux and a large set of mainly open source tools
Active contribution to Software Packaging and Deployment management
Evaluate new (versions of) tools on their usability and usefulness and actively propose their usage
Support the ELT test infrastructure (the so called control model and the optical test bench) consisting of servers and field electronics like PLCs
Integration, verification and validation of control software for the ELT developed in house or external
Investigation of errors found down to source code level and reporting fault to developers
Reports to:
The head of the infrastructure and integration group (CISI).
Ihr Profil
Key Competences and Experience:
Essential:
Minimum of 3 years of experience in software development
Knowledge of standard software development processes, preferred agile or iterative
Experience in setting-up, preparing and maintaining SW development and test environments
Experience in setting up complex test infrastructure preferably also using field electronics
Experience in test and integration of distributed software, especially troubleshooting skills
Experience in testing embedded software preferably on real time operating systems
Knowledge of at least one programming language out of C, C++ and/or Python to an extent that errors can be identified in the code while debugging
Experience with test automation frameworks and/or continuous integration
Knowledge of software engineering principles and tools for configuration management, bug reporting etc.
Experience in working in a team
Curiosity and eagerness to learn
Desirable:
Experience in RT Linux
Experience in Jenkins, JIRA, Git/Gitlab, Docker, waf
Experience in RPM, puppet, nomad
Experience in C/C++ and Python
Experience in working with PLCs, preferably from Beckhoff and/or Siemens
Experience in working in international/multicultural teams
Qualifications:
University degree in computer science or equivalent.
Language Skills:
Excellent command of the English language is essential; a working knowledge of German or Spanish would be an advantage.
Wir bieten
Remuneration and Contract:
We offer an attractive remuneration package including a competitive salary (tax free), comprehensive pension scheme and medical, educational and other social benefits, as well as financial help in relocating your family.
The contract is for a fixed term duration of three years, and is subject to successful completion of the probation period. There is a possibility of extension(s) subject to individual performance and organisational requirements, and as defined in the applicable policies and staff rules and regulations. For any further information, please visit ESO's conditions of employment (https://www.eso.org/public/jobs/conditions/).
Duty Station:
Garching near Munich, Germany with regular duty trips to all ESO sites in Chile.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
European Southern Observatory (ESO)
Garching bei München, Deutschland