Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
System- and Software Architect - Cloud (m/w/div.)
Abstatt bei Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 11 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Abstatt
Your tasks
You will be able to contribute to two of the most exciting topics in the automotive industry in one job: Automated Driving and Connected Services! Help us in developing services for providing digital maps for automated driving functions based on large-scale fleet
data. We are working in agile, interdisciplinary teams towards making automated driving safer, more reliable and more comfortable.
You take over the responsibility and technical lead for system and software architecture for complex cloud-based services concerning large-scale map creation.
Analysis of customer-specific requirements for the cloud applications together with customers and project stakeholders belongs to your tasks.
You are responsible for the definition and continuous review of system and software architectures under consideration of customer wishes, state-of-the-art public cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure) and software development good practices.
You continuously align software and system architectures with application and algorithm developers, product owners, process experts and project management.
Furthermore, you collaborate in coding small Proof-of-Concept (PoC) software components for fast feedback on new ideas.
Your profile
Education: M.Sc./Diploma/PhD in the field of Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, IT or other related studies, ideally with a focus on Software Engineering or Systems Design
Personality and Working Practice: "Hands-on" mindset, willingness to take over smaller coding tasks and participate in coding reviews, high level of initiative and strong team spirit
Experience and Knowledge: several years of professional experience in the field of software and/or systems architecture, strong background and professional experience with system and/or software architecture for complex cloud-based services, professional experience with the operation of cloud services in production is a plus, background as software developer with coding experience in C++/Python, certifications in the field of Microsoft Azure are a plus, background and knowledge in cloud security concepts and technologies is a plus
Languages: proficient skills in English (speaking and writing), German skills are appreciated
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Allee 1, 74232 Abstatt, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.