Jobs by email
Uniper
IT Solution Architect (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
Our Operations & IT team in Düsseldorf is looking for you!
Energy Trading and Sales are the backbone of Uniper's mission to provide security of supply as well as advance the energy transition. This is made possible by a great team and a modern cloud IT estate in Microsoft Azure.
We are looking for you to join our international team of experienced IT architects and help us further evolve our landscape towards a state-of-the-art architecture for our customers.
Our responsibilities include:
Design, enhance and assess IT solutions for our international trading & sales business in alignment with our customer demand, IT strategy and design principles
Support Uniper in progressing with our decarbonization targets by implementing net zero & renewables solutions, expanding our PPA & certificate trading business and embark on the green gas transformation
Enable growth into further markets and products by extending our global IT footprint in Eastern Europe as well as the further diversification of gas procurement sources by strengthening our LNG portfolio
Closely collaborate with stakeholders on elicitation of requirements as well as on choosing the right solution across key dimensions
Actively identify areas for improvement and contribute to architecture studies and proof-of-concepts to drive new technologies and innovative ideas into business and IT
Partner with other enterprise, technical and data architects across Uniper as part of the architect's community to ensure overall consistency of design and foster knowledge sharing
Your profile
Relevant technical degree or similar qualification
Strong general background and technical skills in enterprise computing with hands-on experience as IT architect or software engineer
Sound knowledge of foundational IT subject areas like networking, operating systems, software engineering, application integration, event streaming as well as security in the context of the Microsoft Azure platform
Proven track record of designing sustainable IT solutions and participating in complex IT change programs
Ability to work independently and engage with stakeholders across multiple levels of the organization
Experience in the trading industry across business processes and related IT solutions would be a plus
Strong analytical and conceptual skills
Good interpersonal and verbal/written communication skills, e.g., for chairing meetings, facilitating workshops, presenting to senior stakeholders in business terms
Fluent Business English language skills. German considered as an advantage
Willingness for continuous professional and personal education
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work. We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40221 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.