Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Cybersecurity Manager / Engineer Brake Control Systems (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Cybersecurity Manager / Engineer Brake Control Systems (m/f/d)
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY: Knorr-Bremse für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH München | REQUISITION ID: 2734 | Full-time | Regular 
YOUR TASKS
Re-think braking, evolve the future of braking for autonomous train operation
Responsible for defining and implement the cybersecurity goals and architecture for the overall brake control system security architecture
Responsible for defining technological security countermeasures and controls for the solution intent, based on the identified risks, tolerable risk and defined security level targets with the objective to achieve a secure-by-design approach for product development
Responsible for conducting periodically and consistently risk assessments, vulnerability assessments and threat analyses for products and solutions to identify risks and create relevant cybersecurity surveys for internal and customer use
Work with product management, system engineering, safety management, customers, stakeholders, and suppliers ensuring fitness for purpose of the solution intent
Embrace a leadership role – operate more through influence than authority, teaching, mentoring, and helping to improve developers
Working in a scaled agile environment adopting a data centric model based engineering approach
YOUR PROFILE
Minimum five years experience with proven track record in cybersecurity engineering of dependable systems
Profound knowledge of the railway system and railway operation
Proficient in cybersecurity methods and standards
Customer-centric mindset ensures that the needs of the users are first and foremost when making architectural choices
Operate within an economic framework when analyzing the impact of design decisions
Ability making effective decisions in the face of changing or unknown needs
Business fluent communication in English, fluent German preferred
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -