Jobs by email
Mercedes-AMG GmbH
AMG software developer for functional safety of HV battery (BEV) (m/f/d)
Affalterbach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: P0009V2776_EN
Tasks
You transform vehicle requirements and your own ideas into elegant and performant code (runtime& vehicle performance) and thus contribute to an outstanding driving experience with future electric vehicles
Your software meets all functional safety requirements (functional safety)
You are part of the software development team for battery management software and coordinate the implementation of the requirements from the central functional safety team with it
Your field of action extends from the detailed specification to the implementation of the functions in C-code
You review code with your colleagues regarding functional safety conformity
You will find a way to reconcile system performance with functional safety limits and ensure safe operation at all times
This includes occasionally participation in test drives in Germany and abroad as well as careful documentation of all work results
Qualifications
Degree in computer science, electrical engineering/information technology, mechatronics or a comparable qualification
Very good knowledge of software development of embedded systems with C code for control units in automotive environments or environments with comparable safety requirements (aviation, medical, etc.)
Several years of professional experience in the area of safety critical software/functional safety
Very good knowledge of AUTOSAR standards and ASPICE processes as well as experience with DaVinci Developer and Vector PreeVision desirable
Knowledge of the functioning of battery systems and battery-electric vehicles desirable
Assertiveness, analytical thinking and process understanding, systematic approach to work
Fluent spoken and written German and English
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-AMG GmbH
71563 Affalterbach, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.