Jobs by email
ZEISS
Internship or Working Student in 3D Computer Graphics (f/m/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Internship
Full Time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
We are seeking passionate and talented students who want to shape next-generation products at ZEISS. Integrated in a team of scientists and research engineers, you will work (for at least 3 months) on research projects in 3D computer graphics and visual computing. These projects or theses topics range from 3D reconstruction with neural radiance fields, differentiable rendering and simulation of “digital twins”, to optics simulation and physically based rendering.  
What We Offer
An opportunity to build the foundation for next-generation products
The possibility to learn and implement cutting edge 3D computer graphics methods
Mentorship by experienced PhD-level experts
The option to write a master thesis (following an internship or working student position)
The possibility of continued employment as a working student for up to 2 years
A unique opportunity to choose the topics that interest you most within an exciting project
A modern work environment with a mix of remote and on-site days
Ihr Profil
You are interested in technology and motivated to work on challenging tasks
You are enrolled in a bachelor’s or master's degree in computer science or similar
You have a strong computer science background with very good coding skills
You also have some experiences in at least one of the topics listed above
You are willing to collaborate and work in interdisciplinary teams
Good communication skills in English and/or German
You are willing to learn and explore with a high degree of initiative and creativity
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.