Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Scrum Master / Agile Coach for Mechatronic Systems (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Scrum Master / Agile Coach for Mechatronic Systems (m/f/d)
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY: Knorr-Bremse für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH München | REQUISITION ID: 3121 | Full-time | Regular 
YOUR TASKS
Coach agile teams in self-organization and cross-functionality, practice lean-agile mindset, demonstrate agile values and principles as well as appropriate methods
Facilitate (scaled) agile events on team or program level and help teams to prepare such events (e.g. PI Planning)
Coach product owner on product backlog definition and maintenance, on articulation of strategic and product planning, ensure that goals, scope and product domain is understood by everyone on the team 
Support teams to identify impediments, remove impediments and/or escalate as needed, remove systemic impediments by working across teams and organization
Become integral part of the scrum master’s team, define, establish and advance agile processes and tool chain/method kit
Support agile transformation journey of nXBrake
YOUR PROFILE
University degree in mechanical engineering, industrial engineering or business administration or equivalent; product development context preferred
At least five years of proven track record in agile product development, demonstrated experience in bringing a (mechatronic) product to life in a scaled agile environment, experience in safety-related environment desirable (e.g. SIL4)
Scrum Master Certification (e.g. CSM, PSM), scaled agile certification (e.g. S@S, SAFe) preferred, experience in coaching multiple teams
Profound knowledge of agile practices, agile roles, agile events and artefacts (on team level and in scaled environment) including needed tool/method kit
Advanced understanding of how to best leverage and implement agile in HW/Mechatronics vs. SW/Electronics
Business fluent German and English language skills
Agile mindset, servant leader for teams, well-developed skills in resolving conflicts, ability to equip teams with agile knowledge, ability to manage team health, proactive, structured and organized way of working
Strong team player, open-minded, willing to learn and grow, high degree of self-motivation
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -