Jobs by email
Infront Financial Technology
Billing & Accounts Receivable Manager (m/f/d)
Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Infront offers exciting projects in an innovative and international environment, with up-to-date systems and new technologies that are unique in Europe. We have a professional work culture and an environment with a start-up character, with the advantage of being an established company. You will have the freedom to contribute your own ideas and will be given the opportunity to develop professionally and personally. We have a team-oriented and dynamic working environment with flat hierarchies and very good long-term career opportunities.
Deine Aufgaben
As a Manager in our Billing and Accounts Receivable, you will play a key role in customizing our systems for invoicing across our international organization. Your team will be the single point of contact for internal and external business partners on all invoicing issues, with a customer-centric focus. Your highly motivated team will support our sales and product colleagues with creative ideas to improve the Customer Journey.
We will soon implement an ERP system and you will be part of this journey as well!
You will lead a 5-member team.
Implementation of projects to optimize/adapt processes, also with interfaces and across countries.
You'll be responsible for the operational execution of order processing and invoicing.
Creation of evaluations and billing-relevant customer mailings.
Close cooperation with interfaces.
Dein Profil
Who you are:
You have strong communication skills.
Entrepreneurial thinking and very analytical.
You work in a solution- and service-oriented way.
You are a team player with an empathic, open manner and the ability to motivate the team and master new work situations.
You are business fluent in German and English.
Good SAP R/3 knowledge.
Very good knowledge of MS Office, especially Excel and Word.
Relevant experience in the field of invoicing.
Was wir bieten
An insight into our corporate benefits:
Generous number of annual vacation days
JobTicket for public transportation
Cooperation with JobRad
Increased subsidy for company pension plan
Investment in ongoing training and development
Flexible working arrangements
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Infront Financial Technology
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland