Jobs by email
Leica Geosystems AG
Product Engineer Survey Solutions (m/f/d)
Heerbrugg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
About Us
Hexagon is a leading provider of digital reality solutions and employs more than 24,000 people in 50 countries. You will be part of a strong, experienced, inspiring and motivated team of experts driving the future of Hexagon. You will use and develop your skills in our highly innovative and diverse environment.
Flexible working models allow you to ideally combine work and private interests.
Committed and with passion for precision we create digital reality solutions combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies to empower a sustainable future.
In our company, you can develop concepts and designs for smart software applications in international as well as cross-sectoral teams, and bring our products to life. With a high attention to detail and level of motivation, you support us in meeting all customer requirements. Join our team and make your visions come true!
Deine Aufgaben
This appeals to you
You know the solutions that our Surveying and Construction customers follow to complete their field project work and can discuss steps of the workflows in detail.
You know how to consider the right field tools to get the job done in the office, including scanning and imaging sensors, and can connect your work with external data services.
Taking from your experience you will be documenting and shaping how the user achieves their goals for specific workflows
Communicating and collaborating with R&D engineers and software developers to drive the solution in an agile Project Management environment
Delivering your solution including testing to ensure meeting Leica Geosystems’ high quality standards for our software
Meeting customers, providing product training, and contributing to supporting materials for our worldwide sales and support network, including international travel when necessary
Dein Profil
This is you
University Degree in Geodesy or Geomatics
Skilled surveyor or construction engineer comfortable with state of the art data acquisition techniques (using Robotic Total stations, GNSS RTK and post processing, scanning and imaging)
Experience with office software practices used in the context of land surveying, earth work construction and BIM workflows
Experience with legal land surveys and filing regulations is a plus
Experience with CAD and GIS products including Autodesk, Bentley, BricsCAD, ESRI, QGIS a must
Strong communication skills, self-organized and willing to learn.
Enjoy working within an international, dynamic and fast moving environment
Like being innovative, identifying areas of improvement and solving them with own ideas
Fluent in English (spoken and written), other languages nice to have
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Leica Geosystems AG
Heinrich Wild Strasse, 9435 Heerbrugg, Schweiz
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.