Jobs by email
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH
Project Manager IT Finance / SAP FI (m/f/d)
Remscheid
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The Vaillant Group is a global market and technology leader in the fields of heating, ventilation and air-conditioning technology.
Join our team of 16,000 colleagues from more than 70 countries who work every day for a better climate – for people at home and the environment. We work on large-scale, innovative and strategic projects. With small, everyday gestures so that we can all play our part. Act global, work global. And become part of a global team. We sell our products in around 60 countries, using ten production and development sites in six European countries, as well as China.
Working for us makes you responsible for the future – your own, and that of our planet. We can offer you excellent conditions.
Project Manager IT Finance / SAP FI (m/f/d)
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH | Remscheid | Germany
WHAT YOU WILL DO
You are part of the Record-to-Report IT team and as project lead, you will be responsible for leading our most relevant and strategic SAP finance projects – implementing new business processes and functionalities within the area of internal and external management accounting
Key focus is the role as R2R IT Stream Lead within the ongoing SAP S/4HANA Greenfield program – Digital Process World (DPW) – and its subsequent international rollout
You work agile and in close corporation with the business Global Process Owner (GPO), internal IT consultants as well as the international business counterparts and lead the project team in Remscheid as well as at other project locations
You are responsible for the project success and achievement of project results, reporting, timeline and budget as well as the functional leadership 
In addition, you can guide and advise the IT consultant's team as well as the business in discussions regarding process design and implementation concepts in accounting and controlling within SAP S/4HANA
WHAT YOU BRING ALONG
You have successfully completed your bachelor or master studies in business administration, IT, business informatics or possess an equal education 
You bring along several years of extensive practical experience in consultancy and as project lead in an agile environment and have expertise in SAP Finance – ideally combining an expert role in controlling and integration knowledge to related business processes
Experience with SAP S4/HANA implementation is a plus 
Your business-fluent English skills are ideally combined with some German language knowledge 
You are characterized by great analytical skills and hands-on mentality combined with entrepreneur thinking and a driving attitude
You are an experienced communicator and team player are and used to work with executive management level
WHAT WE OFFER
We offer our employees the opportunity to work up to 70% of their working hours on a mobile basis. In addition, they can work from a country of the European Union on up to 30 days a year
Constant learning opportunities for both technical and personal growth through a range of workshops, seminars, events and e-learnings
Our canteen and company health management are a matter of course for us (sports offers, fitness courses, company doctor)
CONTACT
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH
Menninghauser Str. 15, 42859 Remscheid, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.