Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SoC DfT Engineer
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Will you help us design future generations of revolutionary Apple products? Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new insights have a way of becoming outstanding products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Every single day, people do amazing things at Apple. You will become part of a hands-on development team that furthers engineering perfection, creativity and innovation. Multifaceted, encouraging people and innovative technologies are the norm here. We want you to join our team if you are an innovative engineer with the dream to research and develop solutions that do not yet exist.
In this highly visible role, you will be at the centre of a System-on-Chip design effort collaborating with all fields, with a critical impact on getting functional products to millions of customers quickly.
Description
Lead the complete DfT solutions in a chip design by working with chip DfT team to detail DfT specifications, and define the SoC test interface
Develop and implement DfT architecture as well as generate structural test vectors, analyze and improve coverage
Work with the validation team, the design team and testing team for different DfT topics
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
We are counting on your expertise and knowledge about industrial standards and practices in DfT, including ATPG (debug, compressed patterns), JTAG/1500 debug, MBIST and trade-offs between test quality and test time
You have experience developing DfT specifications and driving DfT architecture and methods for designs
You are confident with Verilog and / or VHDL, and have experience with simulators and waveform debugging tools
By now you are demonstrating proven understanding of design verification (DV) methodologies for validating DfT implementation in simulation pre-silicon
You have experienced with STA constraints development and analysis for DfT modes and SDF simulations
You love conducting experiments during silicon debug, capturing and analyzing data; and utilize scripting to support efficient handling of ATE data
Education and Experience
You hold Master's in Electrical / Computer Engineering, or equivalent strong experience.
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, and individuals with disabilities.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform crucial job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €