Jobs by email
Sponge Germany GmbH
Platform Implementation Manager
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
The role……….. We are looking for a German speaking Platform Implementation Manager. The successful candidate will be responsible for the onboarding process for new or existing clients of Sponge. This may include clients who already have an alternative LMS platform and wish to migrate to Sponge’s LMS, or alternatively, are investing in an LMS platform for the first time.  
Required experience:
You will be fluent in German and English, both written and spoken
You will have prior experience of helping customers onboard and engage with LMS platforms
You will be a recognised team player with the ability to collaborate effectively with internal and external stakeholders.
Strong stakeholder management, influencing and consulting ability
Understanding of Compliance content/topics
Responsibilities…….
Managing the onboarding of new and existing clients on Sponge’s LMS platform and coordinating any necessary set-up, including data imports and technical & brand configuration
Assisting clients with module uploads, campaigns, reporting, and consulting on any local data or GDPR considerations.
Collaborating with Project Management teams to provide implementation guidance and expertise.
Liaising with internal and external stakeholders to deliver platform implementation on time and within budget.
Supplying, creating and maintaining any standard implementation templates and relevant documentation.
Supporting Project Managers, Developers and Content developers with testing, troubleshooting, identification of issues and errors with integration.
You will be able to demonstrate a strong understanding of Sponge LMS products and related web technologies
Next steps…… If this seems like the right role for you, then apply today!
We can’t wait to hear from you!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Sponge Germany GmbH
Hardenbergstraße 32, 10623 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -