Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Rail Computing Unit SW Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Rail Computing Unit SW Engineer (m/f/d)
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY: Knorr-Bremse für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH München | REQUISITION ID: 2750 | Full-time | Regular 
YOUR TASKS
Software development in a modern hardware environment with the topics Edge-Computing, IoT, Linux and Virtualisation
Creation of software architectures and requirements
Embedded software engineering in an ARM based hardware
Working in international teams with an agile development process (Scrum)
Working in a model-based software engineering environment (UML/SysML)
YOUR PROFILE
Technical / scientific studies, computer science or electrical engineering or physics
C/C++, RTOS / Hypervisor based virtualisation architecture, Linux, Ethernet technologies / communication
German and English skills, both spoken and written
Willing to travel and short-term relocation
Team player
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -