Jobs by email
BizLink Industry Germany GmbH
Information Security Manager (m/w/d)
Roth
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
BizLink is a global provider of connectivity solutions in the field of data and energy management. We provide solutions for industries following global megatrends such as electromobility, industrial automation, medical technology and data centers with cables and cable systems.
With flat hierarchies, short decision-making processes and a corporate culture based on entrepreneurial thinking and acting, we rely on bright and courageous people with whom we can actively shape the future. 
Join us.
Information Security Manager (m/w/d)
Your responsibilities:
Development and communication of corporate information security policy, standards and guidelines
Management of security risks and incidents as well as improvement of existing processes
Managing and driving awareness campaigns and training employees on security relevant topics
Collaboration and preparation of data for internal and external IT audits
Performance and management of internal security audits in collaboration with IT Teams
Management and further development of an ISMS
Consultancy services on Information Security to internal business units and IT Teams
Required qualifications:
Completed bachelor’s degree in IT, Engineering, or comparable training
Professional security management certification e.g. CRISC, CISSP, CISM, ISO27001 lead implementer or similar
In-depth knowledge of cyber security frameworks (e.g. BSI, ISO, TISAX, NIST), technologies, tools (e.g. DLP, IDS, IPS), and best practices (e.g. security automation)
Experience in creating and/or maintaining an ISMS
Expert knowledge in IT Security 
Analytical skills and competence for problem solving
Agile methodology and out-of-the-box mindset
Strong presentation and communication skills 
Focus on solutions considering the big picture
Outstanding team player in the workplace
Excellent knowledge of English, both written and spoken, German is a great advantage
Our offer:
Assignments with room for creativity in a motivated team
Continuing training opportunities and career prospects within a highly successful and international group of companies
Supportive working environment with short decision-making processes, flat hierarchies, and company events
Attractive remuneration incl. tariff supplement, Christmas bonus, and holiday pay
Employer contribution to a company pension scheme or AVWL
30 days of holiday plus additional paid leave for specific occasions
Promotion of your health through modern and ergonomic workplaces
What is next?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BizLink Industry Germany GmbH
Gildestraße 17, 91154 Roth, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -