Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
(Senior) Expert for Cyber Threat Intelligence (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 11 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As a subject matter expert, you are responsible for providing situational awareness of the current threat landscape that could potentially impact the Bosch Group.
You conduct in-depth investigations and track existing or emerging threats (e.g., TTPs) by using your strong analytical skills.
You contribute with your critical thinking to the production of intelligence assessments to support decision-making needs and contribute to (ad hoc) reporting.
You work closely with incident responders to provide tactical support and enrichment to ongoing investigations.
You identify TTPs and generate hypotheses to guide threat hunting activities and support detection engineering with the latest adversarial tradecraft.
Your profile
Education: Completed studies with a focus on information technology (computer science, IT security, etc.) or comparable field, preferably with a PhD
Personality: Responsible, confident in appearance and goal-oriented
Working Practice: Self-reliant, cost-conscious, analytical entrepreneurial thinking, as well as independent and diligent
Experience: Several years of professional experience in Cyber Threat Intelligence or in a Cyber Defense Center environment
Knowledge: Comprehensive understanding of the evolving threat landscape and knowledge about common adversarial behavior
Languages: Very good English skills and preferably German skills
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.