Jobs by email
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH
Data Engineer (m/f/d)
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH in Ulm develops digital solutions for the entire Liebherr Group. Our passionate team from the areas of software development, engineering and data science works together on various projects from the whole Liebherr product world. Our mission: creating outstanding digital experiences!
Data Engineer (m/f/d)
Job-ID 65955
Tasks
Creating passion: your responsibilities
Consolidate, prepare and stage data
Improve data reliability, efficiency and quality
Develop and optimize automated data pipelines
Define, develop and maintain data analytics cloud infrastructure
Align infrastructure and applications with business objectives
Close collaboration with data scientists and cloud backend engineers
Operationalize data driven digital products and services
Qualifications
Contributing your strengths: your qualifications
M.Sc. Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical field with a focus on Data Engineering
Proficiency in Data Engineering and the respective tools and technologies (e.g. Apache Spark, Databricks, Apache Airflow, SQL DB, NoSQL DB, data lake)
Experience with development of distributed systems
Experience with cloud software frameworks (e.g. Azure, AWS, Docker, Kubernetes)
Experience with CI/CD (e.g. GitHub Actions) and IaC (e.g. Terraform)
Excellent programming skills (e.g. Python)
Basic experience with Data Science or Machine Learning
Excellent spoken and written communication skills in German & English
Our offer
Our commitment to you: your benefits
In addition to performance-based remuneration, you will of course receive a range of attractive offers and additional benefits. With us, you benefit from flexible working hours and you can also take advantage of the option of mobile working (up to 40%). You will also find a cooperative and fair atmosphere, an appreciative team spirit and people who live their tasks with enthusiasm, team spirit and conviction.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH
89081 Ulm, Deutschland