Jobs by email
Statista GmbH
(Senior) Salesforce Administrator & Flow Manager (m|f|d)
Hamburg, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Welcome to the Global No.1 Business Data Platform! 
With our high-end data platform and other various smart data analytic products and services, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions. Several of the most successful international companies and institutions trust Statista.
Founded in 2007 in Hamburg, we have quickly developed into a global company. In our 13 office locations, we employ over 1,100 colleagues from more than 70 nationalities.
In our international working environment, everyone is encouraged to contribute ideas to make Statista a special place to work.
Our culture, framed by clear goals and a supporting team, paves the way for us to stay a profitable, leading player in the market.
We look forward to having you be a part of our team!
 This position can be based in Berlin, Hamburg or remotely.
  The Team
The  Sales Operations team is part of the sales organization of Statista. We support more than 300 employees from the Sales, Account Management, Customer Success, Marketing, and Customer Service departments. Our tasks include analyzing sales data, forecasting, and the constant monitoring of KPIs. Not only do we strive to support our global Sales team on a daily basis by optimizing processes, but we are also responsible for the sales tools and systems, with Salesforce as our main CRM Tool. Within the Sales-Tech Team we have a full team of Admins, Consultants, Developers, and Product Owner to deliver new features and support the platform that is used daily by our colleagues.
Ihre Aufgaben
As an Administrator you will be :
Responsible for administrative requirements of Statista’s global sales organisation including process and workflow optimisation in Salesforce
Provide first-level support for our Salesforce users from Sales and Marketing
Assist in creating training materials to ensure our Salesforce users are always up to date
Function as a link between end-users and the Salesforce product team, and working closely with the product owner, Salesforce engineer, and the training team
Develop “Low-Code” solutions for minor issues (Flows, Automations)
As a Flow Manager you will :
  Support the Kanban process and ensure the work is flowing
Remove roadblocks that hinder the team's progress.
Coach and mentor the team to embrace Kanban principles.
Identify areas for improvement and work with the team to implement solutions.
Promote transparency in all aspects of the team's work.
  Ihr Profil
Completed university degree or a comparable qualification
2-3 years of work experience and certified Salesforce Administrator
Experience in Agile working environments
Experience and certification as a Flow Manager or strong interest in becoming a Flow Manager
Extensive knowledge of Sales Cloud, further clouds, and Salesforce Lightning are beneficial
Strong communication with the end-users and stakeholders including senior management
Fluent in English (German is a plus) 
  Wir bieten
High level of autonomy
Great opportunities for personal growth and responsibility
Opportunity to grow quickly into mentor and/or leadership role
Professional development
Statista University - extensive training offer and individual coaching
Extensive offer in the field of health promotion
Dynamic, international team
A team-oriented transfer of know-how
office right in the city center
HVV Profi Card
Home Office & Flextime
Sabbatical
Visa Support 
  Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.