Jobs by email
Bruker Daltonics GmbH & Co. KG
Salesforce Developer (m/f/d)
Home-Office, Bremen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Your Career at Bruker – Develop Your Potential
As one of the world-s leading analytical instrumentation companies, Bruker covers a broad spectrum of advanced solutions in all fields of research and development. All our systems and instruments are designed to improve safety of products, accelerate time-to-market and support industries in successfully enhancing quality of life. We-ve been driving innovation in analytical instrumentation for 60 years now. Today, worldwide more than 7,500 employees are working on this permanent challenge, at over 90 locations on all continents.
The Salesforce Team is part of the Commercial Excellence department that acts as the strategic business partner to the sales, service and order fulfillment organization, reporting to the President of the Bruker Daltonics GmbH & Co. KG. The team supports the global business and support functions by optimizing the go-to market approach, enabling back-office processes and striving to improve existing commercial and after-market processes such as digitalization. As a Salesforce Developer, you will be joining an energetic, passionate and goal-oriented Salesforce team that is responsible for a highly customized Salesforce instance with more than 2,000 users. You will be working with an Architect, Developers, Analysts, and occasionally with a third-party implementation partner. You will be continuously in touch with other Bruker group-s Salesforce professionals.
As of now we are looking in fulltime for a
Salesforce Developer (m/f/d)
You can work remotely with travels to the team based in Bremen, Germany, a few times over the year. Continuously expanding your skills and certifications is encouraged and supported.
Tasks / Responsibilities:
As an in-depth problem solver, you will need to demonstrate an understanding of software engineering concepts and be responsible for working on full lifecycle engineering efforts using Agile methodologies, object-oriented design, and accepted best practices. You will help drive highly visible Salesforce initiatives across the organization including building solutions on the platform and supporting integrations, coding, unit testing, building applications, and creating, maintaining and modifying existing applications.
Collaborating with business analysts and stakeholders to validate business requirements and any considerations (security, scalability, limits, declarative vs. programmatic)
Develop scalable end-to-end solutions using declarative tools, Apex (classes and triggers), Visualforce, LWCs
Adhere to Salesforce best practices, maintain code documentation, and write/maintain test classes for all custom development
Take ownership of release cycles to implement and deploy new/updates to existing applications and code
Initiate and take ownership of improvements of the existing highly customized platform; decrease technical debt
Integrations: Use Salesforce APIs to integrate with other systems used in the organization
Escalation point for technical issues, troubleshooting and fixing bugs
Supporting the Salesforce administrators on occasion
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent and relevant work experience
Salesforce Sales and Service Cloud product knowledge and Salesforce development experience
Work experience in technology implementation for full lifecycle enterprise software projects
Able to collaborate and communicate effectively with business stakeholders/other Salesforce team members
Ability to write, interpret, and critique technical specifications
Demonstrated experience implementing and developing in declarative tools (Flows), Apex, LWC, Visualforce, Javascript, Salesforce CLI and VSC
Experience with APIs and integrations
General web development experience with HTML, CSS, Javascript
Familiarity with multiple implementation standards and methodologies
Certified Salesforce Platform Developer I, Certified Salesforce Administrator, Javascript Developer I and Developer II desirable
Demonstrated working effectively in international cross-functional project teams
Proven ability to work creatively and analytically, applying business sense and a result-driven mentality
Structured and accurate mode of operation, creativity and "out-of-the-box- thinking
Proficient English communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills
Enjoys being part of a global company and working within a highly dedicated team
Our offer:
We offer a diversified job in an interdisciplinary project team with flat hierarchies and short decision processes, and a secure, unlimited employment relationship in an international group with flexible working hours and a wide range of benefits.
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €