Jobs by email
BD24 Berlin Direkt Service und Personalbetrieb GmbH
Frontend Developer (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Wanted:
Frontend Developer (f/m/d)
in Berlin X-Berg
Life is full of unpredictable events
And even though insurance is our everyday business - as an insurer we are not
ordinary. We are as diverse and surprising as Berlin. From the students to the board of directors, we are a team of motivated, smart and creative minds with the common goal to succeed and grow. Flat hierarchies, short lines of communication and close, cross-departmental cooperation is what makes us thrive.
Our focus is on the steadily growing market of online insurance distribution. That's why we work closely with a variety of renowned online portals. In addition to traditional insurance lines, we also offer our customers new, innovative products and tailor their insurance solutions to their lives.
  Your tasks:
You will work closely with our designers to develop modern & innovative applications
Your goal is to consistently deliver the best possible experience for our customers
You will also closely collaborate with other developers to coordinate application operations between backend and frontend
You will develop applications, UI components & libraries that will be used by partners, colleagues & customers
You will contribute to the improvement of code and the performance of existing applications
You will bring forward your ideas & suggestions to enhance the UX & UI of our products
The conversion of concepts & design files into functioning frontend applications will also be part of your job
You will enrich the team with ideas & suggestions to improve the work for the technological development
Your background:
You have gained first professional experience and are proficient in the essential web technologies HTML, CSS, JavaScript as well as the Reactjs framework.
You already have experience with the following areas:
Next.js, CSS-in-JS, Styled Components & SASS.
Node.js, npm and Yarn.
Unit & E2E tests
RESTful API design and implementation
Git & version control software such as Gitlab or Github
You thrive in agile environments and are familiar with the common agile principles, methods and tools
Curiosity, creativity and fun in interdisciplinary & international collaboration characterize you
You are a team player who stands out with your communicative, interested and committed manner
You work independently with a high demand for quality in your work
You are interested in personal and professional development
You communicate confidently in English (spoken and written), German is a plus but not required
Our offer:
 A permanent position in an innovative environment with challenging tasks
A young, dynamic team that welcomes you with open arms
Support from experienced colleagues
A beautiful office in the heart of Berlin with a large roof terrace 
Many benefits such as
Subsidy for your monthly BVG ticket
Capital formation benefits (“Vermögenswirksame Leistungen”)
A monthly team breakfast
Flexible working hours with flexitime account
The possibility to work from home 80% of the time (we can't offer a full remote position)
Various training opportunities for personal and professional development, including English classes
and much more.
   As an employer, Berlin Direkt Versicherung is committed to providing equal opportunities and lives up to this principle. You are welcome - regardless of gender, age, origin, nationality or ethnicity, religion, disability or sexual orientation.
We look forward to receiving your application.
Your contact person:
Ms. Helena Purkart 
Phone (030) 896770 – 216
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BD24 Berlin Direkt Service und Personalbetrieb GmbH
Berlin, Deutschland