Jobs by email
upday GmbH & Co. KG
Engineering Manager - Backend (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
upday is a media and tech company and the leading news app in Europe with more than 25 million MAUs. Founded in 2016 as a joint project between Axel Springer and Samsung Electronics, upday became profitable after just 3 years in the market.  
If you’re looking to join a dynamic and international team full of fantastic talent that has the energy of a start-up but the stability of an established media company - look no further, we are your match! 
Engineering Manager - Backend (m/f/d)
Your Challenges
Focus on people, product and process to help build up, lead, manage, inspire and grow a cross-functional team of engineers while ensuring smooth delivery and continuous improvement
Manage stakeholders and dependencies, and work closely with the product counterparts on solution planning, design and implementation
Prioritize and contribute to architectural decisions and spearhead the documentation and learnings from incidents
Establish best practices and ensure system-reliability engineering & technical compliance
Your Profile
A strong and self-driven Leader who has a very good understanding of technical landscapes and has been leading an agile team of engineers for at least 2 years
At least 5-7 years of hands-on experience as a Software Engineer and can understand and bridge various topics from different expertise like web, mobile, backend, data, devops etc.
Track record of successfully shipped software on production that is highly concurrent and scalable
You are comfortable working in a cross functional team, helping distill customer problems into meaningful actions
Development experience in Java, Kotlin, Spring boot, Kubernetes, AWS, TDD, SQL or NoSQL databases, Microservices Architecture etc. Experience with multiple other development languages is nice to have
Very good communication skills with the ability to collaborate in terms of both technical and non-technical to help stakeholders understand topics logically
Experience in mentoring and preparing professional development plan for engineers in the team
A self-organized individual, with focus and ability to prioritize workload using business data and metrics
Understanding with frontend technologies like react js, vue js, swift or flutter
Our Benefits
The backend team is self-organizing and highly autonomous working with agile methodology driven by our company OKR’s. You’ll be working directly with our Product Owners and stakeholders in a collaborative and cross-functional manner. This approach requires a huge amount of teamwork and is not always perfect. We believe in the quality of the services which we build but in case something goes wrong we have engineers on-call. Generally, we are solving problems and making decisions as a team. If you have working experience building production-ready applications, great! We want to know more. Which frameworks do you use? How do you test your applications? What patterns and technologies do you use to make these apps failure tolerant, scalable, reliable and resilient? We are highly interested in the problems you faced. The more the better!
Why joining us? 
New Work atmosphere with flat hierarchies, fast decision-making processes and an inspiring high-pace environment 
A great opportunity to work with talented and diverse colleagues from different departments of the upday family (technology, product, marketing, editorial) 
In addition to free drinks, fresh fruit, you will receive discounts in the Axel Springer canteen|restaurant and benefit from other advantages of belonging to the company 
We are located in a brand new and terrific open-plan office in the heart of Berlin 
This position is possible fully-remote or hybrid
A lot of team building event such as summer party, lasertag, christmas party, boat party, karaoke 
Frequent pizza and beer events and afterworks on our 360 rooftop 
Queer seite regroups LGBTQIA + people working for AS group who organise events, talks and pushes LGBTQAI+ agenda within the AS group and drives new projects to make AS more inclusive. 
Every year we do an employee nps survey to measure satisfaction 
Feel free to check our alumnis reviews on Glassdoor & Kununu 
What we offer?
We provide an onboarding in terms of office equipment in all of the regions and countries through an external service provider (Mac or Microsoft notebook, and Samsung phone)
We provide visa advisory support through a external service provider
We participate and or host a lot of amazing events such as Tech Con | Women in Tech | Women mentoring programm | Hackathons  | congresses | job fairs
Are you interested? Looking forward to reading your application!
Because I am your contact partner for this position: Stella Bailleux.
Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs (impostor syndrome) unless they meet every single qualification. At upday we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
A small insight into how we live and implement diversity and inclusion at upday can be found here: https://www.diversity.axelspringer.com/di-stories/upday
We are looking forward to receiving all applications regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
upday GmbH & Co. KG
Berlin, Germany