Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
(Senior) Application Integration Developer (f/m/d) - Expert Services
Essen, Hannover, Berlin, Frankfurt, München, Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
Can you successfully design and build the integration landscape of tomorrow?
This is your opportunity to become a member of our Technology Consulting division within E.ON's Digital Technology organization. As a partner for our businesses, our division makes a major contribution as an internal professional services organization to accelerate the delivery of E.ONs Digital Transformation Strategy. E.ON is a leading European utility company, playing a key role in shaping the energy transition and connecting everyone to good energy.
If you have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place, you can become a changemaker in our energetic and diverse team!
As an (Senior) Application Integration Developer (f/m/d) you will join one of E.ON's Digital Technology initiatives. This means becoming a key member of a skilled team of Application Integration experts who will lead, shape, transform and Digitize our E.ON businesses across Europe.
Your task
What you are responsible for
You will analyze and design integration scenarios for various Use Cases across the whole E.ON Group
You will design and develop complex integration scenarios and integrate systems and services using our portfolio of integration solutions (focusing on MuleSoft)
You will continuously evaluate and improve the development process
You will review and analyze solution designs and development to ensure that Group standards are met and the design integration scenario fits into the overall integration architecture
You will work with various stakeholders in and out of feature teams and projects, building state of the art integration scenarios
You will use your Experience and knowledge across the entire Lifecycle, train teams and share your knowledge for a better together
Your profile
What you are good at
You have several years of proven experience within the area of enterprise integration
You have Java Development Skills and proven knowledge of technologies (e.g., JSON, XML, REST / SOAP) and integration solutions (e.g., API, ETL, ESB)
You have proven experience and knowledge on MuleSoft Anypoint Platform (CloudHub, Anypoint Studio, Monitoring, etc.) or similar platforms like WSO2, Tibco, etc.
You have proven experience of Agile methodology, as well as design thinking with the ability to gather and collect requirements from end-users and translate them into a design/code
You are a team player combined with a proactive attitude
You have excellent English and good German communication skills (written & spoken); additional EU languages will be a plus
You are open for short business trips across Europe 4-6 times a year
Our benefits
What you can expect from a Career in E.ON Digital Technology
We offer the unique opportunity to combine your love for technology with your passion to work on a topic of high relevance forsociety. You will be able to contribute to E.ON's ambitious digitalization strategy, to apply and broaden your expertise on a varietyof assignments, to work with cutting edge technology and to have the opportunity to grow your career internationally across thewider organization.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.