Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
System Product Owner for the Mercedes-Benz SoftwareFactory (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V594
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission
Overlook the product portfolio of our department, the SoftwareFactory
Set the long-term product vision and strategy
Align the work of all teams with the strategic goals of our department
Collect overarching requirements on department level and discuss strategies for achieving them with the teams 
Set of priorities in the SoftwareFactory backlog together with the POs of the development teams
Represent SoftwareFactory as a product to internal and external stakeholders 
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Education:
Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Communication Technology or a comparable qualification
Experience:
At least 5 years of experience in developing complex software products in the series production, e. g. automotive, aviation, etc.
At least 5 years of experience in the Product Owner or Product Manager role
Understanding of challenges and constraints within the automotive domain and processes
Understanding of both Agile (e. g. Scrum) and Classic Waterfall Development Processes
Hands-on experience with Scrum
Solid knowledge of the Atlassian stack, especially Jira and Confluence
Nice to have:
Experience in automotive and/or infotainment products
International experience
Experience with large-scale Agile frameworks (SAFe, LeSS, Scrum@Scale)
Software development skills (for example C++, Python, Java) and modern software development practices
Personal skills:
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Proven leadership and ownership
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization skills
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience
Language skills:
Proficient in English
German is a plus
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and work places offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.