Jobs by email
TWT GmbH Science & Innovation
Computer Scientist (m/f/d) Software Development and Software Architecture
Stuttgart, München, Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 7 hours ago
Show salary
Save
We’re applying to you. You may be surprised by this sentence, since you’re actually the one currently applying! As teaser trailer, here are 5 arguments. You’ll see the blockbuster during the application process, and you’ll get to create the sequels with us once you’re part of the TWT team!
Topics on the cutting edge. Artificial Intelligence, Autonomous Driving, E-Mobility, Model Based Systems Engineering, and Virtual Experience.
Our claim. Thanks to our research expertise we score high in our industrial projects.
We are a TOP team. Highly qualified (PhD/Masters), innovative, cosmopolitan, and with a soft spot for collaborative work.
Our clients and partners. Mercedes-Benz, Daimler Truck, BMW, Audi, Porsche, CARIAD, IBM, Dassault Systèmes, Samsung, and Microsoft. 
Remote work. Close cooperation with our clients, either virtually or at one of our locations, depending on the project.
Your Tasks
You design and develop software applications within the Container-as-a-Service and Platform-as-a-Service infrastructures of our customers.
You create stand-alone software tools for very specific purposes from scratch.
You work on pathbreaking applications of our customers’ development processes in the fields of digital products, connected and automated driving, Internet of Things, Car2Car communication, digital city, virtualized medical technology and digitization.
You manage and realize industrial and research-driven projects from the ideation to the concept phase and implementation up to the point of validation and rollout with our customer.
You actively improve our software development process.
You coordinate our interdisciplinary projects in close cooperation with our customers.
We are constantly looking for the following software engineering profiles
You are proficient in desktop application development, either in Java with the Eclipse RCP framework or in C# with the .NET framework.
OR
You are skilled in full-stack web application and microservice development with either Java EE, C# or JavaScript/TypeScript in the backend and one of the popular frameworks like Angular, React or Vue in the frontend. Ideally, you have initial experience with the containerized deployment of such applications in cloud environments like Azure, AWS or Cloud Foundry.
OR
You are competent in the development of data science and machine learning tools in Python with libraries such as TensorFlow, Keras, Scikit-learn or PyTorch. Ideally, you have initial experience in data visualization, e.g., with D3.js, and with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Apache Spark or Kafka.
Your Profile
Excellent master’s degree in Computer Science, Informatics, Software Engineering, Mathematics or in a similar discipline, preferably with PhD
Very good knowledge of a higher programming language, in-depth IT skills and an affinity for programming
Initial experience in design patterns, coding conventions, version control, build and test automation, REST APIs, relational or NoSQL databases, UML modeling, IT architecture as well as in agile software development (e.g., Scrum) is desirable
Willingness to work on a wide range of tasks and enthusiasm to learn and employ new frameworks and technologies
Eagerness to work in a team and good communication skills
Inquisitiveness, cosmopolitanism, creativity and a good sense of humor
Very good English skills
Facts & Benefits
Work in projects with development and IT departments of premium vehicle manufacturers
Contact with leading research universities, such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Share your opinion, participate in decisions, leave your own fingerprint
Share your expertise in our Training & Knowledge Center
Simultaneous and collaborative work using modern digital platforms
Flexible work arrangements, an attractive flextime model, and remote work
Structured onboarding and an open ear for any and all questions
Attractive perks like free coffee, tea, and fresh fruits
Has our application made you curious? Then apply for a job with us!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates