Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Cellular Platform Software Engineer, (Embedded Software) WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
At Apple, ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services and customer experiences very quickly! Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? Are you ready to be part of a team transforming wireless technology? Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! In this role, you will be a key member of our team in Munich defining and working on Platform software design and development collaborating with Cellular Protocol Stack, RF and other teams.
Description
In this highly visible and critical role, the candidate will be part of the Cellular Platform Software team and responsible for architecture, design, implementation and quality of platform software and drivers. The candidate will be responsible for specifying requirements, writing design documents, architect solutions and implement software for state-of-the-art wireless SoCs. Perform pre-silicon verification, debug both, system-wide and component level issues on target HW and simulation Integrate wireless SoCs with application processors and ensure optimal interoperability. Apply innovative methods for software and system performance measurements and analysis, implement required tooling and optimizations. The position requires high level thinking to architect code solutions with low level programming, excellent communications and leadership skills, with the ability to work in a fast paced environment.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Experience in developing embedded real-time software for Cellular SoCs
Fundamental knowledge and understanding of embedded processors and real-time OS concepts
Deep understanding of and hands-on experience in system- and software performance profiling, analysis and optimization
Solid understanding of baseband system/architecture (core, cache, memory, bus, interrupts, sleep/wake, clock, power control, dynamic frequency and voltage scaling, SPMI, PCIe, etc)
Excellent software engineering skills, including driver software design, implementation, validation and debugging
Proficiency in C/C++
Experience and familiarity with version control systems like git, Perforce, etc.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, ability to work in multi-disciplinary teams and to present complex technical topics to a multi-level audience
Education and Experience
Bachelor or Master degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or equivalent
Why Apple?
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €