Jobs by email
thyssenkrupp Industrial Solutions AG
IT Digital P&ID Specialist (all genders welcome)
Dortmund
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Unternehmen
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses and all employees develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future. Under the umbrella brand thyssenkrupp, the group creates long-term value with innovative products, technologies and services and helps make life better for future generations.
The Uhde business unit combines decades of experience in the engineering, procurement, construction and service of chemical plants. Our product range includes leading technologies in the fields of fertilizers, electrolysis, polymers, base chemicals, high-pressure solutions, coke plants and refining as well as innovative storage solutions for the growing renewables sector. Based on a unique combination of engineering experience, project management expertise and leading, resource-friendly processes, we develop customized solutions that enable chemical manufacturers around the world to enhance their efficiency and competitiveness.
Aufgaben
In your role as the IT Digital P&ID Specialist, you will be responsible for the operation of the P&ID drafting applications. You will work in close coordination with administrators to ensure correct functioning of these applications for all thyssenkrupp Uhde offices worldwide.
In coordination with management and business stakeholders from other departments, you must define and continuously refine a product vision based on strategic and operational requirements.
You will lead and coordinate developers and support engineers in multiple locations around the globe.
Among your tasks is assurance of performance, maintainability, scalability and security of the product.
Represent the IT and product to management, committees and eventually the board.
Ensure correct functioning of interfaces to other tools and platforms in an open environment with other specialists.
Produce accurate and concise documentation that is available to all internal customers.
Be in constant contact with software vendors to leverage knowledge and new features to improve operations.
Take responsibility for the ultimate success of the product and its impact on the core business of thyssenkrupp Uhde.
Profil
You have a masters's degree in Engineering or Informatics, or comparable experience/education.
Outstanding communication and analytical skills help you understand and translate ideas and pain points from stakeholders into achievable solutions.
Strong stakeholder management and influencing skills. You are proficient at securing agreement and commitment from others, as well as influencing strategic decisions within the company.
You have experience and feel at ease working in multicultural teams.
You have experience and knowledge in one or more database-driven P&ID solutions (e.g. SmartPlant P&ID, AVEVA P&ID, AVEVA Diagrams, Comos P&ID, etc.)
Experience working in large scale engineering projects, especially in the plant engineering field, is desirable.
Basic knowledge in other 2D and 3D CAD tools is helpful (e.g. AVEVA PDMS/Everything3D, SmartPlant, AutoCAD, etc.)
You are comfortable working with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban).
Experience with database administration is desirable (SQL, Oracle).
Programming knowledge in object-oriented languages and scripting is advantageous (C#, PowerShell).
Basic knowledge in the Atlassian suite (Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket) is desirable.
Fluent English (B2) or German (B2) language round out your profile.
Das bieten wir
We work together closely and respect each other, for over 200 years now and up till today. If that is just as important to you as it is to us, please apply online now under specification of your salary requirement and your notice period.
We value diversity
We value diversity and therefore welcome all applications, irrespective of gender, nationality, ethnic and social background, religion and beliefs, disability, age, or sexual orientation and identity.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
thyssenkrupp Industrial Solutions AG
Friedrich-Uhde-Str. 15, 44141 Dortmund, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -