Jobs by email
BMG RIGHTS MANAGEMENT GmbH - Corporate
Project Coordinator (f/m/d) Procurement & SAP
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
BMG - est. 2008 - is the world's fourth-biggest music company, the first new global player in the music business of the streaming age, and a record label and music publisher in one. Named in 2020 one of the world's Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company, BMG's pitch is unique - a relentless focus on fairness and transparency and service to its artist and songwriter clients. BMG's 20 offices across 12 core music markets now represent over three million songs and recordings, including many of the most renowned and successful catalogs in popular music history. BMG is owned by international media, services and education company Bertelsmann.
Tasks
With our digitalisation and automation projects, we create future-oriented solutions for BMG. We are building smart, innovative finance processes and are looking for a Project Coordinator (f/m/d) Procurement & SAP to help by joining our headquarters in Berlin.
Your Mission
You will accompany the design and implementation of automated and efficient procurement processes based on SAP-MM.
You will manage the communication with project stakeholders and participants.
You will accompany the implementation of interfaces between SAP-MM and other systems.
You will set up project plans, flowcharts, presentations and documentation.
In line with our digitization projects, you will collaborate with our stakeholders in US, UK, Europe, LATAM and APAC.
To a smaller extent, you will take over ad hoc tasks.
Profile
You have completed your studies in business administration, or you have a comparable educational background.
You have working experience in procurement and with SAP-MM.
You are experienced in project management.
At best, you are also experienced in Controlling and/or SAP-CO.
You have strong analytics skills and you are able to manage complex situations.
You have strong communication skills and you are sensitive towards the needs of others.
Your spoken and written English is at a level of fluency.
You are open to occasional travel activities.
We offer
Development from project coordinator to project manager.
SAP training with possibility to become an SAP certified professional.
The unique BMG culture, empowering and driven by strong values.
A 21st century working environment, collaborative and flexible.
Benefits like an office in the heart of Berlin, a BVG jobticket, a Headspace membership, Work from Home regulations and many more.
A commitment to help team members develop long-term careers at BMG with in-house training and the renowned Bertelsmann University.
A fun and respectful community of people with a passion for working for artists and songwriters.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMG RIGHTS MANAGEMENT GmbH - Corporate
10117 Berlin, Deutschland