Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH
Cyber Security Assessor (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Cyber Security Assessor (m/f/d)
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY:  Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH München | REQUISITION ID: 2327 | Full-time | Regular
YOUR TASKS
Central quality support of our product projects to achieving the required software maturity levels
Execution of cyber security assessments/audits at our international development centers and suppliers
Creation, enforcement, support, consultancy in regards of improvement plans and activities accordingly
Creation, implementation, improvement of all cybersecurity processes and activities from quality perspective to ensure the fulfillment of the required standards of our current and future vehicle control systems
Driving the standardization and harmonization of the internal cybersecurity organizational network
YOUR PROFILE
Degree in IT, engineering in electronics or comparable
Extended Experience in automotive software development (SW Architecture/System/Quality Management)
In best case qualification in automotive SPICE® with extension towards Cyber Security according ISO 21434
Practical experience with audit und assessment accordingly
Clear focus on customer orientation
Hands-on mentality
Intrinsic motivation, proactiveness, reliability and team orientation
Willingness to travel
English and German fluent written and spoken
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Nutzfahrzeuge GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -