Jobs by email
Max-Planck-Institut für Intelligente Systeme
System Administration (f/m/div) with Focus on Support
Tübingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
The goal of the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems is to investigate and understand the organizing principles of intelligent systems and the underlying perception-action learning loop. The Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems combines – within one center – theory, software, and hard­ware expertise in the research field of intelligent systems.
The Tübingen campus of the institute focuses on theory and algorithms as well as human-scale systems covering topics such as machine learning, computer vision, control, and the theory of intelligence.
For our interdepartmental user support and further development of our institute IT services, we are looking for a
System Administration (f/m/div) with Focus on Support
Location: Tübingen
Your tasks
Administration and maintenance of our workstation and lab systems (Linux, macOS, Windows)
Participation in IT projects of the institute (e.g., services, license management, monitoring)
Administration of user accounts
1st level support for our scientists and non-scientific employees
Support of our videoconferencing systems
Your qualifications
You are an IT specialist (Fachinformatiker*in, Informationselektroniker*in, IT-Systemelektroniker*in) or have an equivalent qualification in the described field of activity
A largely independent and service-oriented way of working
Know-how in one or more of these fields: Linux, macOS, Windows, DevOps, networking, video conferencing, audio visual equipment
No fear of the command line
Good command of English
Team player attitude
You can expect
A diverse working environment in the field of cutting-edge AI research with freedom for individual development and interesting technology (e.g., single-board computers, micro-controllers, HPC clusters, 3D printers)
A very modern workplace
Flexible working hours
The opportunity to improve your English and German in an international environment
A very good compatibility of work and family life and a child care facility on site
An occupational pension fund (VBL) and group accident insurance
A secure work place
The position will be located at the Tübingen site of our institute as part of the IT service group. Salaries and contract will be based on previous experience according to the public service wage agree­ment (TVöD Bund) guidelines. This is a full-time position. The position is initially limited to two years with the possibility of a transition into a permanent position.
Contact and application
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Max-Planck-Institut für Intelligente Systeme
72076 Tübingen, Deutschland
Certificates