Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Stakeholder Manager Android (all genders) -In Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V663
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
We are working on the next big thing in the evolution of the human-machine-interface between Mercedes and our passengers. You will become part of the team that connects all the dots between engineering, business and delivery to bring 'The Best or Nothing' App Portfolio to those who matter the most to us: our customers. We plan to combine the ease of use, safety and durability of the existing Mercedes infotainment system MBUX, with the flexibility of a complete portfolio of top tier third party applications, many of which you and our customers will already know and love from your mobile devices.
You will be the interface between our team and our many different stakeholders, both within and without the company, both at MBition and at Mercedes. Your will take on the responsibility to bring our stakeholders' goals to the team and work together with our Product Owners and Requirement Engineers, to define development targets and timelines. Furthermore, you will work with our Scrum Masters to create a healthy productive work environment for our team and an effective working model with our stakeholders where goals and priorities are always clear. Last but not least, you will help us communicate to the greater company audience our status quo and vision - and thus recruiting the right support to bring the future of our team one step closer to the present!
Sneak preview of your future tasks
Be our primary interface towards stakeholders
Support other roles in stakeholder communication
Lead the definition of our High Level Stakeholder Requirements (based on Stakeholder input and with Requirement Engineers support)
Lead communication to/from and general alignment with stakeholders
Support in the formulation of strategic goals
Support the team in understanding the stakeholder goals
Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education
Degree in Engineering, Business or comparable field
Experience
4+ years experience in a communication heavy role
Strong communication skills in the English language
Strong ability to interface with technical and business roles
Strong ability to work independently and coordinate supporting roles
Strong powerpoint skills (both creation of presentations and actual presenting)
Ability and willingness to 'come to the core of things' 
Nice to have
Experience in automotive or similar field with strong process requirements (e.g. health care, aerospace etc)
Experience as Product Owner or Requirements Engineer or Developer
Experience in a business context (e.g. as a Product Manager)
German and/or Chinese language skills a plus
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Mobility Budget, Healthcare Budget & more benefits 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
• Job title and reference number
• Salary expectations
• Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.