Jobs by email
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH
Project Lead Digital Solutions (m/f/d)
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Since 1954 Liebherr Appliance Division has developed and produced a wide range of high quality cooling and freezing appliances. We always inspire our customers with new benefits and also exceed the limits of what was previously possible. Always thinking one step ahead; today, we already have our eyes on tomorrow.
Project Lead Digital Solutions (m/f/d)
Job-ID 26164
Tasks
Your responsibilities
Lead and control projects for complex digital solutions from integrated edge device over cloud/business applications to UI/App solutions, from the idea until go live and maintenance phase
Manage organizational interfaces between the project team, the customer divisions and suppliers (m/f/d) (e.g. Requirements, Infrastructure, KPI's)
Support the product owners (m/f/d) to create the business case, delivery milestones, KPIs
Estimate and manage efforts and costs
Challenge the team to cover all needed surrounding aspects (e.g. Integration, Test/Maturity, Security, Privacy)
Stakeholder (m/f/d) communication and reporting
Qualifications
Your qualifications
Academic degree in Computer Science, Business or equivalent
More than 7 years of practical experience in the management of digital solution projects, distributed systems and/or big automotive projects in the area of car networks, autonomous driving, fleet management or similar
Deep experience in classical and agile project management methods
Strong analytical capabilities
Deep technical knowledge in distributed systems, testing, integration, operations
High ability to integrate and drive the team to success with the strong focus on the product vision
Digital native - very experienced in the use of modern tools and services
Sales experience could be an advantage
Ability to speak, understand and write German and English fluently
Our offer
Our offer
A challenging and interesting range of activities awaits you at Liebherr in an internationally successful Group. We offer you a secure job with the social contributions of a modern organisation and pay a performance-based salary.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH
89081 Ulm, Deutschland