Jobs by email
AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG
Business Consultant Lab IT (all genders) – (permanent / fulltime)
Ludwigshafen am Rhein
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people’s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women’s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. 
Business Consultant Lab IT (all genders) – (permanent / fulltime)
REF: 2217695
A career in which you can achieve more? We Offer That.
Looking for challenges where you can grow? We Offer That.
A career where all your skills can come into play? We Offer That.
Welcome to AbbVie! As part of an international company with 48,000 employees worldwide and around 3,000 employees in Germany, you will have the opportunity to work closely with us to address the health challenges of tomorrow. Do you have a passion for improving health care around the world and for using your expertise to improve patients' quality of life? In a challenging work environment that allows you to broaden and develop your own skills? You’ve found the right place!
The Information Research organization at AbbVie supports pharmaceutical R&D scientists in their laboratory operations needs by looking after the health of the lab systems. This position offers the opportunity to work closely with scientists and technology professionals addressing everyday challenges and enabling digital transformation of our laboratories.
With a lot of IT and scientific experience, you will be joining our team in Ludwigshafen am Rhein.
This means:
Consult scientific business partners in any area associated with the planning, procurement, provision, delivery, management, maintenance and effective business use of IT systems and lab instruments
Lead discussions with lab instrument and software suppliers
Coordinate with other technology partners to define solid architecture and to ensure adequate implemen­tation of integration with other systems, data storage, compliance and security controls. 
Coordinate external service provider or contractors that are fulfilling Lab IT tasks in projects or providing Lab IT services. 
Work with the Business Relationship Manager and the Solution Architects to drive process improvements and IT solutions across the lab environment
Maintain knowledge of the capabilities of existing lab instruments and technologies in use across the business area and leverage this knowledge in supporting creation and maintenance of solution roadmaps
Identify solutions, assess feasibility and make recommendations typically seeking to explore and leverage new or existing IT solutions
Translate business requirements into technology requirements and oversee business requirements being met during projects
Responsible for technical coordination of activities related to: routine maintenance, problem resolution escalation, inventory management, deployment coordination and post-implementation assistance for computing devices
Develop and maintain strong relationships with lab stakeholders and partners in other technology organizations
Responsible for interfacing key customers for obtaining “voice of customer” feedback in order to enhance service quality
This is how you can make a difference:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent and typically 10 years of professional experience, Master's degree or equi­valent and typically 8 years of professional experience, Doctorate with initial professional experience in information systems, computer science, life sciences or a related field. 
You are strong in solving problems and in analytical thinking
Furthermore, bring strong IT knowledge related to Windows OS, workstations, server, lab equipment and IT network
Your knowledge of terminology, processes, practices, and procedures in the healthcare industry and in drug product development is profound – ideally direct experience working several years in a Drug Discovery / Development Sciences organization
Strong IT knowledge related to lab instrument & workstation integration, lab systems, data acquisition and controlled network is required
You need to be able to effectively lead and facilitate meetings with customers and technical team members.
Moreover, you are detail-orientated and focused, especially on your customers and all stakeholders
You are an enthusiastic team-player with excellent interpersonal and communication skills
You are keen on working within a global organization and for global business clients, and you are able to communicate globally across cultures and time zones.
Excellent knowledge of German and English is a matter of course for us
What we offer you:
A diverse area of work where you can make a real difference
An open company culture
Attractive remuneration
Intensive onboarding by a mentor
Flexible work models for a healthy work-life balance
Corporate health management with comprehensive health and exercise programs
Corporate social benefits
Diverse career options in an international organization
High-level, attractive career development opportunities
A strong international network
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG
Knollstraße 50, 67061 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -