Jobs by email
DEKRA SE
Product Owner Websites (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Safety meets knowledge and passion – that is why you can also rely on us as an employer and we provide safety in your life. In addition to an attractive salary, comprehensive social benefits and a company passion, we also provide you with the opportunity to work independently and take on responsibility from an early stage. We stand for many and varied career options and invest in your further development.
Tasks
You are responsible for further development of a customer-centric website including the integration of relevant functionalities with a focus on lead generation (e.g. Web 2 Lead forms)
You contribute in preparing the Release Plan / Program Increment (PI) Plan for the website development and define the iteration objectives with regards to new and ongoing website projects
Furthermore, you identify, design, evaluate and subsequently prioritize user-centric product requirements with an emphasis on a good user experience and in line with the overarching strategy to achieve a high level of customer centricity together with the Business Analysts
You observe trends and new technologies for modern websites and integration into the application and develop and maintain an appropriately prioritized backlog by creating epics and user stories for implementation
You collect, rate and manage issues and risks and escalate major problems and engage with respective businesses to determine business requirements and strategic objectives
You motivate and guide product team members and coordinate and synchronize with other Product Owners, part of the same Agile Release Train
You ensure the quality of user stories by validating the user stories and the respective acceptance criteria
Last but not least you support the Data Analyst in defining meaningful KPIs to measure product success and strives to continuously improve them
Qualifications
Certified Product Owner – Scaled Agile Framework
Min. of 2 years experience as a Product Owner as well as a deep understanding of Agile methodologies (SAFe / Scrum / Kanban)
Project management skills are an advantage
Strong communication, good presentation and moderation skills as well as creative thinking
German and very good written and spoken English
Independent, structured and reliable way of working in a team
Basic exposure to digital technologies such as – Data Analytics, Machine Learning, AI, IOT & Big Data etc.
Practical experience with A/B testing would be desirable, but not mandatory
Benefits
DEKRA has been active in the field of safety for almost 100 years and ensures safety on the road, at work, and at home. As one of the world-s leading expert organizations, the company currently employs around 47,770 people in approximately 60 countries on all five continents. With qualified and independent expert services, they work to achieve the company's vision that DEKRA will be the global partner for a safe, secure, and sustainable world.
More details
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
DEKRA SE
Stuttgart, Deutschland