Jobs by email
Uniper
IT-Process Owner (ITSM) (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
Our Operations & IT team in Düsseldorf is looking for YOU!
IT-Process Owner Responsibilities:
Manage the design of ITIL based ITSM processes and support the IT department to roll the out
Establish ITSM standards for multiple processes, including identification of interdependencies between defined processes and across effected IT department.
Collaborate with IT stakeholders to gather and analyze needs, translating their needs into process requirements and support the correct implementation in the relevant systems
Create thorough and accurate documentation for ITSM processes and ensure processes are trained, understood, adhered to and continuously improved upon
Establish and support controls and procedures to review, assess, prioritize and track compliance
Collect and provide key management reporting of KPIs & metrics to subsequently measure, review and analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of ITSM processes
Experience working with ServiceNow is preferred and in particular helping to design new ServiceNow implementations
Collaborate and work with the colleagues in the team to ensure dedicated support within the Service Management processes as required
IT-Policy Management Responsibilities:
Maintain the IT Policy through a continual improvement cycle (yearly review / revision on occasion)
Define and implement an IT Service and Application review to ensure that the IT Policy and the associated processes is followed
Define a report that presents the review results in anonymised form and thus does not allow any direct conclusions to be drawn about individual persons
Your profile
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field
Experience managing an ITIL process in a multi-vendor ecosystem (ITIL certifications expert level)
A strong understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Experience with process change projects
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities
Service oriented with good communication and presentation skills
Experience & knowledge with of ServiceNow toolset
We are an international company with global reach. We expect fluent English, as this is our business language. German language skills an advantage
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work. We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40221 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.