Jobs by email
1&1 Mail & Media
Java / Spring Developer (f/m/d) - onsite or remote / home office
Karlsruhe, München, Home-Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
With our strong brands GMX, WEB.DE and mail.com and over 42 million active users, we are the leading email and communications platform in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. From this strong market position, services and apps are developed that simplify users' digital lives - from office tools and cloud solutions to personal ID management.
Your tasks
In an agile and cross-functional team you design and implement services for our successful portals WEB.DE, GMX and mail.com with over 43 million active customers, growing by 20.000 each day. You develop business-critical systems and data-intensive customer processes, like account registration, account deletion and the management of our customers' master data by using state-of-the-art technologies. You work on exciting projects over their full lifecycle, increasing the worldwide success of our products. During slack days you can try out new technologies.
Design and develop Java services for our account lifecycle systems and the associated data stores, both relational and NoSQL.
Use Java 17, Spring Boot, Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, PostgreSQL, Cassandra and evaluate new, state-of the-art technologies, do prototyping and load testing.
Design and develop large-scale, high-load, and fail-safe software that runs in our own data centers around the world.
Work with colleagues from different departments, e.g. colleagues from quality assurance, as well as operations engineers and our product owners.
Participate in architectural decisions, write clean, maintainable and testable code and bring in new ideas to improve the code base and features. Mentor and train other team members on design techniques and coding standards and cultivate innovation and collaboration.
We appreciate
Your passion is backend development and you would like to be part of a cross-functional team with a great team spirit? If you also have a passion for new technologies and combine abstract thinking skills with a hands-on mentality - then we are looking forward to your application!
You have several years of experience in object-oriented and functional software development with Java 8 or higher and are familiar with "clean code" and the development of distributed systems.
You have practical experience with Spring Boot, Maven, Git and JUnit5.
You are experienced in software design and in writing technical concepts.
You keep your knowledge up to date regarding new trends and technologies.
You are a real team player with a self-reliant, solution oriented working style coupled with good communication and documentation skills in English (German is a plus).
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates