Jobs by email
Bauer Media Group
Senior IT-Auditor (f/m/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Bauer Media Group has become an enduringly successful media corporation by focusing on creating content that matters most to millions of people around the world: from print and online publishing to radio and money-saving services for consumers, as well as sales and marketing services. Family-owned in the 5th generation, Bauer focuses on the long term, with a consumer-first mindset that guides us across our increasingly diverse portfolio. Our workforce of 16,000 shares a passion – to deliver content and services that are popular with, and helpful to, our customers and partners.
Internal Audit is one of the younger divisions of the Bauer Media Group. We act as partners and advisors by driving the operational and governance success of the Bauer Media Group. We align with all Business Areas and Business Partners across the Bauer Media Group to define audit priorities on a risk-based approach. As a consulting partner we support the Business Functions in building processes and internal controls. Internal Audit reports directly to the Group CLO.
For this purpose, we are looking AS SOON AS POSSIBLE for a SENIOR IT - AUDITOR (F/M/D), based in the headquarters in Hamburg/Germany.
The role reports directly into the Head of Internal Audit. The role will be engaged in regular audits and will also play a key role in building trusted and standardized processes and internal controls as part of the Group finance change project.
Your tasks
Conduct internal audits throughout the entire group with focus on IT related processes both as part of the audit plan and out of scope assignments  
Support the change team of the finance transition project by defining and managing process and internal control standards
Perform data analyses to support internal audits
Develop practical recommendations to support the Group strategy as well as to limit any risk potentials
Preparation of audit reports and subsequent independent coordination of the results and recommended improvement measures
Support the Head of Internal Audit in framing the risk-based annual audit plan
Together with the Audit team you will continuously develop the audit department
Your profile
We are looking for a highly motivated and proactive candidate with the willingness to travel up to a week per month in average. We are also looking for a candidate who can adapt rapidly to changing organizational environments and who is also able to express opinion up to Executive Board level.
You also bring the following skills and knowledge:
Successfully completed university degree in computer science, business informatics, data analytics or a comparable field
Min. 5 years of working experience in Big4 and min. 3 years industry experience as IT-Auditor or within ERP transition projects
Fluent in German and English
Solid understanding of ITGCs and access permissions
CISA qualification or other comparable certificates are an advantage
Relevant experience of profound process & IT controls ideally also with IT-Security projects
Understanding of financial and business processes
Experience with ERP implementation/transition are an advantage
Audit relevant data analytic skills to support Internal Audit activities 
Our benefits
We want to inspire not only our customers, we also want to inspire our colleagues. How? By giving you the opportunity to take on responsibility and by offering you a long-term perspective. You can also benefit from our attractive offers:
Individual solutions for the flexible organisation of working hours and location
Targeted and individual training for your professional and personal development
A central location in Hamburg's city centre with good transport options (bus & train)
Subsidy for HVV ProfiTicket & bike leasing
Effective health management (e.g. health week, free sports programmes & Gympass)
30 days of holiday & frequent events for employees
Company restaurant, free magazines & various discounts via corporate benefits
A culture in which personal responsibility, teamwork and creativity are valued and you have room for creativity and for exciting and challenging tasks
Additional informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bauer Media Group
Hamburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.