Jobs by email
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft
IT Project Manager (f/m/d)
Frankfurt/Main, Leipzig, Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
At EY, our purpose is Building a better working world. To achieve it, we challenge the status quo and already look today for the answers of tomorrow. Standing still? Not an option. Change? We embrace it and see it as an opportunity and driver for innovation.
If that sounds like you, this may be your chance. We're looking for movers and shakers who help companies, entrepreneurs, individuals and the public sector to solve their most pressing challenges. This requires collaboration on eye-level and often leaving the beaten track - as part of interdisciplinary and multicultural teams all over Germany, Europe and around the globe.
We also want to see you grow, both personally and professionally. That's why we offer you working models and a wide range of on- and off-the-job trainings tailored to your individual career path. It's up to you to decide the pace you want to go on that path and the goal you aim to achieve.
What you can expect – enriching experiences that will last a lifetime
As part of our IT team in Frankfurt/Main, Leipzig or Stuttgart you will manage our mainly internal IT projects in Europe end to end from requirement gathering until final delivery. You will take on a wide range of responsibilities:
day-to-day management of technology projects (agile or waterfall) including time, scope and budget ownership
Actively identify and mitigate projects risks
Lead cross functional and international project teams
Support the Product Owners to deliver against their product vision as strategic partner to drive tech revenue, digitalization, and innovation
Evaluate innovative technologies (like AI, Blockchain, MetaVerse..) and ensure their compliant usage within EY
What you can contribute – skills for shaping the future
Bachelor's degree in Business, Engineering, IT, Science, or other technical qualification with min. three years in a corporate IT environment
Excellent knowledge of Project Management Methodologies (e.g. PRINCE 2 / Project Management Professional (PMP) / Certified Scrum Master (CSM) and/or SAFe-certified)
Work experience as Technology Project Manager, IT / Cloud Engineer, Service Manager or Software Developer
Excellent communication skills in German and English
What we are offering – an inspiring work environment
We know that exceptional service for our clients starts with highly satisfied and motivated people. That's why we offer our employees a wide range of benefits: from flexible working and international assignments to education and trainings, sport and leisure programs, employee discounts and retirement plans.
Find out more here about the many benefits to which you are entitled as employee at EY.
Want to lead change? Become part of our team.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates