Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SoC Performance Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish!
In this role, you will be a member of the Platform Architecture team, working within the hardware technology group to shape the architecture of Apple's future System-on-Chips (SoC).
We are seeking an upbeat and highly motivated SOC performance engineer to drive the architectural validation and design correlation of our software-based performance model!
Ihre Aufgaben
You will define the comprehensive performance test plan, systematic test methodology, and develop novel infrastructure for the software simulator for iPhone/iPad/Mac/Apple Watch SoCs. The team pushes the system to its limits to help find and fix architectural and micro-architectural issues. Your data shall contribute to product performance and power trade-off decisions in our SoCs. This role will be highly visible and critical for driving architecture improvements in Apple’s future products.
Your responsibilities will include:
Learning about the state of the art in SoC IP and chip-level architecture
C++ performance modeling of proposed architectural solutions and features.
Gathering, analyzing, and validating measured and simulated results to compare architectural design alternatives.
Defining test plans and test planning methodology
Definition and implementation of validation infrastructure like performance monitors, behavioral checkers, state space coverage
Working on data analysis pipelines, visualization methodologies, continuous regression testing
Running performance simulation of future applications
Careful analysis and presentation of simulation results
Tuning and validating future SoC HW/SW for the best user experience
Interface and collaboration with cross-functional teams: architecture, hardware and software teams for collaborative debug, and correlation studies
International travel is required for this position
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Knowledge of computer architecture
Practical experience with data structures and algorithms
Understanding of software engineering principles
Solid programming skills in C, C++ or equivalent languages
Experience with scripting languages like Python, Perl, Lua, Bash
Ability to study a problem in depth, design experiments, analyze data, and present results
Strong communication and documentation skills.
Preferred Qualifications:
Significant architectural research or embedded systems projects
Experience with micro-architectural performance modelling and architectural exploration
Experience with architectural, micro-architectural validation and performance correlation
Experience with on-chip interconnect fabrics, caches, and memory/DRAM controllers, quality-of-service architecture
Experience with Cellular/5G modem architecture is a plus.
Education and Experience
BS or MS or PhD in CS, EE, or related field
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €