Jobs by email
Corden Pharma International GmbH
IT Infrastructure Architect (m/f/d) 100 %
Plankstadt, Basel
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
CordenPharma is a leading full-service contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), excipients and pharmaceuticals Drug Products (DP) and packaging capabilities with > 2’600 employees across the world. Our services enable pharmaceutical and biotech companies to manufacture medicines with the ultimate goal of improving people’s lives.
Our network in Europe and the US offers flexible and specialized solutions across five technology platforms: Peptides, Lipids & Carbohydrates; Injectables; Highly Potent & Oncology; and Small Molecules. We strive for excellence in supporting this network and are committed to providing the highest quality products for the well-being of patients.
To strengthen our Global team in Basel (CH) or Plankstadt (Germany) we are looking as soon as possible for an
IT Infrastructure Architect (m/f/d) 100 %
Plankstadt zwischen Heidelberg und Mannheim between Heidelberg and Mannheim
asap
Full-time
Permanent
Main activities and responsibilities
As an IT infrastructure architect, you will be responsible for the planning, further development and optimization of the global and decentralized IT infrastructure (server, storage, network, client, cloud, etc.) of the CordenPharma Group.
Main contact person for our management, local IT, providers in all relevant questions regarding the design, operation and further development of the IT infrastructure
You are a competent contact person and ensure the 2nd-level-support
Management of global infrastructure projects and measures, collaboration or coaching of local infrastructure projects or measures
Close, cooperative and efficient collaboration with the other IT departments (service management, application management, etc.)
Ensuring CSV requirements
Your Profile
Degree in computer science or comparable qualification (study / professional experience)
Expert in IT infrastructure management (Windows server, M365, network, virtualization, backup, SCCM, PKI, high-availability, etc.) with serval years of practical experience
Good understanding of cloud solutions
Strong technical conceptual and design skills
Experience with CSV, computer system validation is a plus
Well-structured and self-driven personality
Strong analytical and communication skills as well as ability to move confidently in an international environment
Fluent in English and intermediate command of German language
What we offer
30 days of vacation
Dynamic and exciting work environment
Positive working atmosphere and open management culture with focus on continuous improvement of processes to stay innovative
Free Parking
Subsidy for fitness studio
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €