Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Senior Technical Project Manager (PMO) for Test Plan and SW-Integration (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V694
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
You will join a collaborative and agile company with a mixture of all experience levels, nationalities and genders. We are striving things together like a family and offer after work drinks, trips and knowledge sharing sessions where everyone in the team and company can offer insights to a desired topic (can be technical or completely different thing, like personal skills or something else).
You will work within the MBition System Integration Department. You will join a team of tech and automotive enthuiastic colleagues who are responsible to integrate, test and deliver the Infotainment Software System with highest quality standards and functionality, in time.  
You will be managing and coordinating with the team the test plan compliance, set up and roll out into the project. This means you will interact with teams from several company and project areas like development, infrastructure, process or testing. You will keep the overview of ongoing activities, track the work teams and share transparency about the progress. Together with the team you will drive and coordinate SW integration initiatives.
Sneak preview of your future tasks
Project Management and Coordination of the SW-Project test plan setup and roll out
Drive SW Integration Activities
Completing the QA team with your Project Management Skill Set
Qualifikationen
Education
Degree computer science, information technology, automotive engineering, electrical engineering, or in a similar field
Experience
3+ years experience driving technical cross-functional projects as project manager (idealy in relation to SW-Testing, SW Development and Integration)
Technical Background and / or experience in Embedded SW Development & Testing in Automotive or comparable industries
Knowledge in agile methodologies and a rapid development cycle
Nice to have
Certification in the classic project management area (e.g. PMI, IPMA)
Software engineering background
Own and drive cross functional/cross department/cross organisation topics
Identify gaps and technical needs and surface them
Report progress and communicate engineering needs to stakeholders
Understand complex software integration
Complete assignments in a resource-constrained environment
Ask for help and learn to navigate the organization
Collect information to create a realistic picture of the moving parts
Design work packages for suppliers and technically evaluate them
Communicate clearly in written and verbal form
Take decisions in a working group based on the purpose of hand, without wasting engineering time
Personal skills
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting technical issues
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
Continuous learning attitude, and very strong in constructive feedback
Language skills
Proficient in English
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building facing the Spree (Berlin Headquarter)
Remote work possible (for legal reasons only inside Germany)
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee and fruits, and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
• Job title and reference number
• Salary expectations
• Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.