Jobs by email
Immatics Biotechnologies GmbH
Clinical Data Associate Manager*
Home-Office (bundesweit), Tübingen, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About us
Immatics combines the discovery of true targets for cancer immunotherapies with the development of the right T cell receptors with the goal of enabling a robust and specific T cell response against these targets. This deep know-how is the foundation for our pipeline of Adoptive Cell Therapies and TCR Bispecifics as well as our partnerships with global leaders in the pharmaceutical industry. Operating from Tuebingen, Munich and Houston, we are committed to delivering the power of T cells and to unlocking new avenues for patients in their fight against cancer. For more detailed information, visit www.immatics.com.
Overview
We are currently seeking full-time a Clinical Data Associate Manager* to support our global team. You can work in Tübingen, Munich or home-based in Germany in an interdisciplinary environment with colleagues from Tübingen, Munich and Houston (USA). This permanent position is responsible for managing data from a variety of research projects.
Your mission
Your main responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following tasks:
Supporting the data management team to/ with
Generate, review, update and finalize DM documents (e.g., data management plan, data validation plan, data reconciliation plan, etc.)
User Acceptance Testing and documentation of trial specific eCRF  
Quality Control of Local Lab normal ranges
User and site management
Data review and data cleaning
Query management
Data base lock activities
Completing and Quality Control of the data management documents in the TMF
Your profile
You hold a degree in Life Sciences or Computer Sciences or have comparable education. You gained at least 3 years of experience in data management in the pharmaceutical/ biotechnology industry. Ideally, you have knowledge of medical terminology, coding and preferably SAE reconciliation. You are familiar with ICH-GCP, FDA and EMA regulations.   For your day-to-day activities, we expect very good verbal and written communication skills in English, German is a plus.
Why us?
We are a committed and inspired team and cherish the collegial, highly motivated, and family-friendly atmosphere within Immatics. Our culture allows for a high level of originality, independent thinking, and initiative. We believe in supporting our employees’ professional and social skills: We enable them to join conferences and trainings as well as to enjoy our Immatics benefits – e.g., job bike, job ticket, Health Programs, childcare benefits, relocation allowance, Company summer and winter events.
Notice
*We value diversity and inclusion. Immatics N.V. and all Immatics subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.