Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Expert for Logistic Packaging Processes (f/m/div.)
Bietigheim-Bissingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Bietigheim-Bissingen
Your tasks
In the next years our business division Chassis Systems Control (CC) will implement SAP S/4 with eWM and our new planning tool Kinaxis Rapid Response as well as the Bosch Manufacturing and Logistics Platform, harmonizing Bosch IT in logistics and manufacturing in our plants worldwide. For the implementation, Chassis Systems Control is building up a project organization in which you will contribute to project success by helping to shape our future processes as an expert for logistic customer planning.
As member of our project team, you represent our business division in the central automotive expert group for logistic packaging processes and interface between the project, the central expert group, and the Chassis Systems Control plants worldwide.
You assume responsibility for analyzing packaging processes in our business division, identify and evaluate gaps in relation to the target process. Based on the result of your analysis, you define business process requirements and derive IT-requirements.
You support in the realization of new functions in SAP S/4 and connected IT-systems (test case definition, functional tests, documentation) as a team member of the central automotive expert group.
Furthermore, you promote defined processes to the Chassis Systems Control plants and advise plants concerning organizational changes.
Last but not least, you actively contribute to training and the worldwide roll-out of the developed functions in collaboration with the Chassis Systems Control and central automotive project team.
Your profile
Education: completed studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in a commercial field, Industrial Engineering, Business Informatics or a comparable subject
Experience and Knowledge: strong IT-affinity, experience in IT-projects; profound knowledge of logistic packaging management and material flow processes; user expertise in SAP-modules MM, WM respectively EWM is beneficial
Personality and Working Practice: eexcellent communication skills, strong intercultural collaboration skills, ability and willingness to work in a team as well as strong analytical skills; enthusiasm to actively influence an evolving system landscape and willingness to travel (maximum 1 week/month)
Enthusiasm: enthusiasm to actively influence an evolving system landscape
Languages: business fluent in English (minimum requirement), German highly beneficial
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Asperger Straße 1, 74321 Bietigheim-Bissingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.