Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Camera/Sensing Subsystem Functional Safety Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
The Camera Hardware team develops cutting edge camera solutions and technologies for Apple’s products, including the iPhone, iPad, MacBooks, and more. The key goal of the team is to enable the world’s best camera experience for our customers. New challenges arise everyday that require the sharp problem-solving skills of talented and smart individuals. The team features a collaborative and hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation
In this role, the candidate will drive end to end compliance of safety critical camera/sensing subsystems including the analysis of functional safety requirements, design, verification/validation and integration into product
Description
Core responsibility is to architect, design and develop functional safety mechanisms for camera/sensing subsystem used in safety critical application. When applicable, model camera/sensing subsystem behavior for deeper understanding
Methodically derive safety requirements for safety critical camera/sensing subsystems. Apply state of the art Functional Safety principals
Work with cross functional teams to communicate the safety requirements, explain rationale and get the requirements signed off
Work with cross functional teams and/or external vendors to design as per requirement. Ensure compliance at different stages of product development
Use different analysis tools available, such as FMEA, FMEDA, DFMEA, TFMEA etc to analyze compliance and residual risk
Support camera/sensing subsystem integration into safety critical devices Work with cross functional teams to drive final safety assessment report to completion
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
5+ years of experience in EE system design
In depth understanding of safety of EE systems. Prior experience in managing or supporting functional safety/ISO 26262
Prior experience in safety related digital and/or analog and/or mixed signal design/silicon design, verification or validation
Ability to negotiate trade-offs among cross functional teams
Prior experience in fault management is a plus
Prior experience in system/subsystem modeling/model based system engineering is a plus (such as SysML/Matlab/System C)
Strong commitment to going above and beyond to get the work done at the highest quality
Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills
Education and Experience
Preferred MS, or Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Additional Requirements
Travel may be required
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €