Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Music Apps - Machine Learning Engineer
Rellingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
The Music Apps Team is responsible for the development of Logic Pro, GarageBand and further industry leading music production applications. From first contact with music to critically acclaimed artists and seasoned studio engineers, we build tools that spike the artists’ creativity and support them in their musical journey.
We are looking for a talented machine learning engineer to join our team in Rellingen, Germany, and to contribute to building intelligent tools that will help crafting tomorrow’s music production.
Ihre Aufgaben
Music production tools can be enriched in many ways using machine learning: classification, detection, processing, generation, all are among the various areas our team of 4 international ML practitioners is tackling.
Joining the team, your responsibilities will be to:
Identify use cases where machine learning can make a big difference
Look for the state of the art research and data requirements to address and solve this task
Prototype and train deep learning models using all resources Apple provides (tools, GPU clusters, data)
Evaluate models
Select models for on-device integration in our applications (macOS and iOS), and tailor them for performance
Working as a team, you will be able to share and discuss on approaches, results, findings and tools in a collaborative and constructive way. Since machine learning is a rapidly evolving field, the team engages in internal paper reading sessions, and occasionally visits external research conferences.
Based in Rellingen (Hamburg Metropole, Germany), we work closely with teams across Apple. This means occasional evening meetings with teams outside Germany, and limited international travel may be required.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Expertise in machine learning, music information retrieval and audio processing
Proficient with Deep Learning toolkits such as TensorFlow, PyTorch etc.
Strong programming skills (e.g. in Python and C++)
At ease with further ML-development tools: git, GPU compute clusters, evaluation boards
Good spoken and written communication skills, english mandatory.
Musical background, musical practice or music production activity is a big plus.
Experience with integrating models for on-device and real-time usage is a big plus.
Education and Experience
PhD, or MSc/BSc with three to four years of experience in the industry.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €