Jobs by email
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
IT Consultant SAP Security/Authorization (d/f/m)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
At Henkel, you can be a game changer and craft your career. Unleash your entrepreneurial spirit by bringing your ideas to life within a global team. Our leading brands and technologies, along with our high-performing businesses will provide you with countless opportunities to develop your skills and explore new paths. Your career at Henkel will contribute to a more sustainable future, while you grow within our vibrant, diverse culture of trust and belonging. If you're up for challenging the status quo, join our team of pioneers and make your mark on the future with us.
Do you dare to make an impact?
JOB ID: 22043744
YOUR ROLE
Secure Application Management including access control, authorizations management, process
Secure SAP infrastructure, integrations and/or application security in SAP on premise and cloud-based applications
Utilize and apply SAP Security best practices with ECC, S/4, BW/4, Fiori, SAP BTP and HANA DB
Keeping informed of emerging solutions and security capabilities and tools to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and automate repeatable tasks in the SAP context
Anticipates problems and identifies long-term implications of decisions and actions
Analyses current mode of operation to develop, recommend and implement the adapted future mode of operation
Defines and implement security administration, authorization concept and checks that all requests for support are dealt with according to agreed procedures.
Lead the end-to-end improvement process of authorization and security for SAP based IT solutions
Consult and support project and operation teams with leading security expertise
Be part of the cross-functional transformation process from ECC to S/4 to ensure continuous security and authorization management
YOUR SKILLS
Successfully completed master studies in the field of information technology
Minimum of 5 years experience with SAP authorization design, SAP security, monitoring tools and application security experience in SAP based products
Strong technical experience in SAP Cloud, such as SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP), RISE and SAP SaaS solutions
Experiences in SAP Access Control, monitoring and/or automation experience
Enthusiasm and interest in Information Security and draw recommendations based on real world experience
Effective communication, persuasion skills and a can-do attitude 
Fluent English Skills, other language skills are of advantage
Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to gender, origin, culture, mindset, generation, disability, religion and sexual orientation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
40589 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates