Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Network Simulation Software Developer
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
In this role, you will be a key member of Wireless Architecture group to build a state-of-art, high fidelity and high performance wireless system simulation platform. Your ideas, passion, and dedications are going to shape Apple’s current and future wireless technologies including 5G, WiFi, Bluetooth, and emerging technologies in an unprecedented way. This is a unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day!
The simulation platform calls for sophisticated and rigorous architecture to cover in-depth details of wireless networking technologies in rich use cases under diverse radio environments. You carry in-depth knowledge of modern C++, performance and release engineering, together with mature judgment and ability to operation in every aspect of software engineering cycle. You are a critical thinker. You appreciate the deep nature of science and engineering in wireless communications systems. You are a clear communicator, capable of translating sophisticated yet fuzzy ideas into coherent and structured software. You love learning from wireless system experts in Apple’s cross-functional teams. You love creating plentiful opportunity to bring the synergy in. You lead by helping others in a tangible way.
Description
You will build the software for the state of art network simulator for wireless networks, including cellular 5G, WiFi 802.11ac/ax/be, Bluetooth and other emerging technologies. You will work together with wireless experts and help them model applications, protocols, transceivers and channel propagation. You are responsible for providing API design guidance as well as debugging and analysis tools for proper system evaluations and studies. You are responsible to integrate the simulation platform with other simulation/emulation tools, kernel stacks and hardware. Finally, you will work on optimizing simulation performance. You will be the go-to person that contributing all aspects of software engineering cycle of the simulation platform. The team is primarily C++17 and Python shop. Rust is acceptable for backend.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
5+ years of software engineering using modern C++ (C++14 or later) and Python
Understanding in test-driven and API-driven development methodologies
Deep understanding of algorithm and data structure design
Hands-on experience in software performance and optimization
Experience with large scale code-base and repo management
Experience working with OS kernel to support parallel computing and emulation.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Knowledge of network protocols and/or wireless technologies is a plus
Education and Experience
MS or PhD in EE / CS
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €