Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Software Algorithm Engineer
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Apple designs consumer products that touch millions. We change the way that people interact with electronic devices around the world.
The Measurement R&D Team is responsible for developing technologies, calibration methodologies and the respective instrumentation for the calibration and validation of Apple’s products. These solutions will be used during New Product Introduction (NPI).
Description
The role of an Algorithm Engineer is to design and deploy effective algorithms for new integrated measurement systems that will guarantee the high quality of Apple products. You will have the opportunity of crafting and innovating the algorithms that will enable highly effective and versatile instruments by using state-of-the art computer science approaches. You will work in a cross-functional team in Munich that is engaged in the complete development process from design, manufacturing and deployment.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
Be part of a team that will develop novel instruments for factory quality testing.
Develop and discuss algorithm validation strategies and experiments and communicate to a cross-functional team.
Bring up, debug and mature the measurement system and algorithms during NPI cycle.
Define and document the appropriate data processing algorithms of the instrument.
Design robust and optimized processing libraries that will be applied on multiple projects.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Fundamental understanding of applied mathematics in the field of linear algebra and calculus.
Strong analytical capability to develop the outstanding solution in terms of high-performance computing.
>4 year of experience in programming with C/C++, Perl or Python.
Demonstrated experience with parallel programming on CPUs.
Hands-on experience with embedded SW of measurement instruments.
Self-motivated, independent, and dedicated.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Experience interfacing with international vendors, plus the willingness to travel.
Experience in image processing, convex optimization and/or parallel computing on GPUs is a plus.
Education and Experience
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €