Jobs by email
Microsoft Deutschland GmbH
Data Center Technician (m/f/d) - temporary position
Frankfurt am Main, Berlin
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every business in the world to achieve more. The Cloud Operation & Innovation business unit is home to the Datacenter Operations division. In this business unit, we are responsible for performing tasks related to the operation of existing data centres, including compliance and service requirements and the development of additional capacity.
Responsibilities:
Data Center Operations
Receives guidance and supervision to develop an understanding of standard processes and procedures for preparing, installing, performing diagnostics, troubleshooting, replacing, and/or decommissioning equipment; develops and acquires a fundamental understanding of the functions of, and interactions between network and server equipment.
Complies with Data Center Services (DCS) business unit and service-level policies, procedures, and deadlines with guidance from other technicians; escalates resolution of compliance issues to technician leads.
Completes assigned tickets efficiently and in alignment with Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) per task type while meeting established Service Level Agreements (SLAs), with guidance from other technicians; appropriately escalates tickets to more experienced technicians.
Has a basic understanding of network cabling standards, as well as connector and cable types, including but not limited to SFP, QSFP, AOC, SMF, MMF, MTP.
Service Delivery
Prepares, stages, sets up, and performs basic startups and shutdowns for hardware (e.g., racks, hard drives, switches) according to specifically written instructions provided via checklists, guides, standard protocols, emails, guidance from other technicians, and/or direction from management; escalates resolution of challenging or complex tasks to others as needed to meet Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and may perform tasks in tandem with other technicians to comply with procedures and safety protocols.
Performs basic diagnostics and troubleshooting with guidance from experienced technicians and by following standard procedures to identify the cause(s) of issues and replace faulty components with minimal customer and business disruption; escalates troubleshooting complex issues appropriately.
Decommissions hardware for simple changes and refreshes (e.g., memory upgrades, OS rebuilds) following standard procedures seeks clarification and guidance from more experienced technicians as needed; escalates complex decommissioning work and discrepancies in projects or tickets to senior or lead technicians when appropriate; processes data-bearing devices for destruction or confirms any data contained have been eradicated.
Managing Services
Contributes to issue tracking through escalations by asking questions and seeking guidance on timely resolution of issues from more experienced technicians.
Develops an understanding of cross-functional processes to support partnerships with internal and external stakeholders.
Completes required training aligned to the role and workload; observes more experienced technicians to gain hands-on experience and relevant on-the-job training (OJT); may complete additional training to obtain or maintain relevant role certifications.
Your Profile:
High school diploma, GED or equivalent and basic knowledge of computer hardware and components.
Maintains a strong customer focus to understand the impact of his/her work when completing tickets and assigned tasks.
Pride and accountability for service quality, completeness and resulting user experience; accountability and responsibility for data centre facilities.
Basic knowledge of data centre hardware, tools and workflows.
Experience in dealing with installations, implementation and replacement of hardware desirable.
Conflict resolution and problem solving skills.
A character that exemplifies the Microsoft values of respect, integrity, accountability and fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment.
Strong written and spoken German and English skills required.
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon