Jobs by email
ZEISS
Product Security Officer for Medical Devices (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
The Product Security Officer (PSO) for Medical Devices is a member of the Medical Device Security team at Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and reports directly to the Information Security Manager Medical Devices
The PSO Medical Devices manages, consolidates, prioritizes, and coordinates with the global Information Se-curity Manager (ISM) Medical Devices all information security and data protection topics throughout the entire lifecycle of the medical devices
This includes, amongst others, the phases of initial planning, development as well as further development of ZEISS medical devices
Here, he/she (m/f/d) coordinates closely with the respective development teams at the respective site and, if necessary, also across sites
The PSO Medical Devices ensures that the products themselves, as well as the corresponding development and operating processes, comply with the state of the art, the company's internal information security require-ments and the relevant standards, regulations and applicable laws
In addition, where required, the PSO Medical Devices is responsible for bringing the relevant products within the scope of the existing ISO 27001 certification
Furthermore, the PSO Medical Devices, in terms of information security and data protection, is the interface between the respective business unit and the technical implementation in the development units
As such, he/she also represents information security and data protection issues in strategic decisions and coordination on business level
If required by the product, this also applies across sites or internationally for the correspond-ing product
Ihr Profil
Bachelor's or Master's degree in the field of IT, a comparable degree or comparable professional experience in information security
Relevant certifications regarding information security (e.g. CISM, CDPSE, CISSP or similar)
Mid-term experience in information security and data privacy roles in a development environment (international scope of advantage)
Technical experience in IT-Security
Experience in product development and engineering of advantage
Strong communication skills, including Ability to solve complex tasks and problems, applying innovative thinking considering longer-term business & development trends
Ability to solve new conceptual issues
Ability to correlate technologies, understand complex environments, business requirements, incl. knowledge outside own area of expertise
Ability to apply innovative, creative, novel and effective ways
Ability to interact with subordinate employees, stakeholders, incl. security engineers, involving matters between functional areas, other company divisions or units
Broad expertise or specialized knowledge on: - IT-Security, incl. technical implementation of security measures
Data protection / privacy - ISO 27xxx series, HIPAA, GDPR
Agile development
Medical devices
Self-driven, results-oriented approach to work
Strong program and project management skills in international and complex environments
German (fluent), English (fluent)
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Steffen Volk
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.