Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Systems Engineer (d/m/f) Cyber Electromagnetic Activities
Manching
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
In order to support the department "Electronic Warfare Systems - Combat Aircrafts and UAVs", Airbus Defence and Space in Manching is looking for a
Systems Engineer (d/f/m) for our Cyber Electromagnetic Activities (CEMA) projects
We design and integrate airborne electronic reconnaissance and self-protection systems and supervise the development through the entire life cycle. As a competence driven organization we are involved in a wide range of programs such as TORNADO, MALE, NGWS, etc. and benefit from our intense operational experience of the Tornado Defensive Aids System. If you are interested in system engineering with a strong operational mission focus we can offer a very interesting and challenging field of technology such as RF/EO Systems, Radar Technology, Radar and Missile Warner Systems, Sensor Fusion & Sensor Management as well as RF and IR counter measure techniques.
Your location
Located about an hour's drive north of Munich, Manching is an up-and-coming market town that offers a wide range of leisure and cultural activities. Here, you can enjoy the quality of life in the countryside while the pleasures of near-by cities are still within easy reach.
Your benefits
Attractive salary including holiday pay, Christmas bonus and profit sharing
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, public transport subsidy, discounts at local businesses
On-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten nearby
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Your tasks and responsibilities
Development of concepts for cyber protection of airborne platforms
Implemention of Prototypes to show proof of concept
Desired skills and qualifications
an University Degree in Information Technology
experience with IT security
fun to work in an agile environment and learn new things
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
You have a question regarding this job offer? Please do not hesitate to get in touch by writing to questions@airbus.com.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €