Jobs by email
Airbus Group
SAP Solution Architect - Logistics and Warehouse Management (d/f/m)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
In order to support our motivated and diverse team, Airbus Aerostructures in Hamburg is looking for a
SAP Solution Architect - Logistics and Warehouse Management (d/f/m).
At Airbus Aerostructures, we stand for highly efficient and sustainable aircraft production. This is at the heart of Airbus. With around 10,000 employees, we combine technology and innovation leadership to pioneering efficient and sustainable aircraft production and to make zero-emission flight a reality.
You will join our international team of 16 people where team working is highly valued. On a regular basis, the team organizes freetime events to keep the teamspirit and we are always looking for challenges. 
This role is also available with reduced weekly hours and an adapted scope of tasks.
Your location
You will be working at the largest production site for civil aircraft situated in Hamburg. Its location on the southern banks of the river Elbe includes the option to commute by ferry. Experience the special flair of Hamburg in your spare time where vibrant cosmopolitan culture meets nautic legacy.  Alternatively, you can also choose to work at our site in Stade or in Nordenham.
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Kindergarten close to the site, medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria
Your tasks and responsibilities
You will be responsible for the implementation of requirements from the business in the ERP and EWM environment for the logistics areas
You will be in charge of analysis and long-term solution finding in the event of disruptions (last level) and advising the specialist departments on process design in the area of the warehouse and logistics processes in ECC and later on S/4
You will be responsible for managing cross-functional IT projects and you are going to plan and implement IT projects independently
You will be responsible for the strategic support and co-design of the SAP system architecture
You will advise the business unit on process design with technical solutions and, as a result, continuously improving system use through new technologies and techniques, especially in the S/4 HANA and UI5 environment
You will be involved in documentation, quality assurance and change management
Desired skills and qualifications
You hold a degree in computer science, business informatics, (industrial) engineering or have a comparable qualification
You are able to configure SAP or you have knowledge in Customizing SAP EWM
You bring good knowledge of application development with ABAP (e.g. reading, debugging)
You bring in-depth knowledge of SAP standard interfaces, such as EDI, RFC, ABAP Push Channel or WEB Services
You have experience in managing projects
You are experienced in the coordination of external service providers
Business travels
This role will involve some travels for business and as such you must be able to travel accordingly. Current estimation is twice a week within Germany (especially during the first year).
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Hamburg, Deutschland