Jobs by email
Continental AG
Senior Consultant SAP PP/DS (S4) (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
Job Description
Our IT Competence Center Manufacturing drives the digitization in our Tire plants worldwide – and we want you to join us!
We analyze business requirements and transform them into the latest digital processes and solutions. In collaboration with our business partners, we provide IT solutions to support continuously improve efficiency in our tire plants. We are a global, highly motivated IT team that has the freedom to act and embraces diverse thoughts and perspectives. If you love to create and improve digital solutions and drive them from idea to implementation, Continental is the perfect match for you.
In this exciting job you work on the following tasks:
Shaping the digital transformation within our tire plants worldwide
Migrating and transforming the existing SAP PP system towards S/4HANA
Developing concepts and implementing a global production planning and sequencing system
Working in an agile and highly motivated global team
Supporting the global production planning and sequencing community
Get to know some of your new colleagues in Hanover already today on our website.
Qualifications
Academic degree in computer science, business administration or an equivalent qualification
Multiple years of IT working experience with SAP PP and PP/DS
Comprehensive solution knowledge of SAP S/4HANA, specifically PP and PP/DS
Concrete project experience with implementing production planning solutions on S/4HANA
Project Management Experience and knowledge of agile methodologies
Strong analytical and conceptional skills, strategic thinking capabilities
Intercultural sensitivity with experience working in an international team
Professional working proficiency in English and German
Open to travel up to 25%, incl. business trips abroad
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
The job in numbers: You are going to work 37.5 hours a week in a team of 16. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.
Being part of a global IT team of thousands of colleagues working on various innovations and tasks, there is always an opportunity to grow and move into different directions within our corporation.
On top of that you can expect the following benefits:
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, trainings or global internal Software Academy)
Work from home up to 4 days a week (unless workshops etc. require physical presence)
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
12 salaries per year
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across 5 locations in a globally active organization
Company and tariff pension plan
Health insurance
Assistance with child-care
Parent-child office
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
Gym on-site
On-site physicians
Sabbatical option
If this sounds like a perfect match for you and if you want to become the next supporter of our core values Trust For One Another, Passion to Win and Freedom to Act, we are looking forward receiving your application.
  Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Hannover, Deutschland