Jobs by email
Continental AG
Manager Technical Architecture eDRIVE365 (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
ContiTrade is the strategic retail arm of the Continental Tire business in Europe. It’s business purpose is to facilitate access to the respective markets & leverage Trade opportunities in Europe, the Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The scope of the ContiTrade business ranges from selling tires to complete fleet management via tires, tire services and vehicle services, through approximately 600 equity stores and 2,300 franchise and network partners. The business scope includes sales to end consumers, business and fleet customers, wholesale and as a service partner to Continental, as well as other major tire brands. This is done physically in branches and on the road, as well as through e-commerce platforms. 
Job Description
You love to shape the overall technical architecture of a complex system landscape? You like to dive deep technically but also present IT & technology in an understandable way? Then you've come to the right place.
As part of the eDRIVE365 project, we are developing a new ERP, CRM and POS system based on Microsoft Dynamics 365. The system will be implemented in around 2,000 branches and our headquarters, making eDRIVE365 the largest project in ContiTrade’s history so far. Thanks to the Microsoft Dynamics 365 cloud solution and its combination of various system modules, we will be able to offer more efficient processes and individualized, digital solutions to our customers. At the same time, we are laying the foundation for our future-oriented business models.
As Manager Technical Architecture eDRIVE365 you plan, document, and drive our overall technical architecture and roadmap for ERP, POS, and CE on all IT layers: application, middleware, and infrastructure.
Your Tasks
Plan, design and document overall system architecture for ERP, POS and CE based on Microsoft Dynamics365 in all relevant EAM layers (especially application and infrastructure layer) together with Lead Technical Architect eDRIVE365
Document status and purpose of specific target pictures including necessary steps in between for the ERP / POS / CE landscape
Create a strategic roadmap, identify gaps, and develop long term development plan in alignment with Lead Technical Architect eDRIVE365
Prepare and steer major architectural decisions inside the ERP scope (application and infrastructure layer) together with Lead Technical Architect eDRIVE365
Align roadmap regularly with Lead Solution Architect, Business Architect eDRIVE, and other Architects
Define the interfaces and interaction with other systems/applications in accordance with the given framework of the Lead Enterprise Architect ContiTrade and other IT Solution Architects (e.g. BI, Fleet, eCommerce)
Develop (simplified) technical overviews for Program Management and other business stakeholders
Establish reliable relationships to product vendors (mainly Microsoft) and other external IT parties
Qualifications
Academic degree in information technology, business informatics or a comparable qualification
Several years of work experience in IT and the development of ERP systems, especially in MS Dynamics 365 in combination with process knowledge
Experience in the development of solutions based on the MS power platform
Experience in designing developments plans and roadmaps
Programming knowledge and know-how in Microsoft Azure Cloud Services (e.g. IaaS, SaaS as well as network technology, data security, integrations) advantageous
Fluent English and German language skills (written and spoken), French considered a plus
Analytical skills and broad technical background for technological deep dives, at the same time managerial and communications skills to present appropriately for various audiences
Strong communication skills
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome. 
Additional Information
What We Offer
The opportunity to work with an international and diverse team in a future-oriented environment
The chance to build a state-of-the-art software product that will also be sold to external customers
Varied and challenging tasks in a fast-paced project atmosphere
A wide range of training and development opportunities
A modern and flexible work schedule including the possibility of mobile work
Well-equipped and modern office space in our project location in Hanover
Flat hierarchies, direct communication, and approachability
Would you like to learn more about our additional benefits? Please click here.
Network with our recruiter Torben Schilke
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße 25, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -