Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Cloud Software Expert at Software Campus (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
We are the Software Campus. Our passion is software and our mission is pushing the software excellence at Bosch forward. Would you like to shape with us the modern software culture at Bosch. We will foster your engagement with a software friendly work culture, opportunities for personal growth, modern work conditions, and a network of outstanding software experts.
As Cloud Software Expert you work with an interdisciplinary and dynamic team in an important project for Bosch. Also, you have the opportunity to change between projects and domains to extend your horizons.
Furthermore, you analyse the business and development environment and derive solution architectures to digitalise our business and development processes.
You act as an expert and a consultant for cloud-based solutions for diverse applications domains.
Along with the team you push for clean and efficient implementation of the solutions using Azure cloud services and other IT and web technologies.
Your profile
Education: completed university degree (Master/Diploma/PhD) or a comparable subject
Experience and Knowledge: several years of professional experience with a great track record in developing, deploying and operating cloud solutions; understanding of software engineering methods and many years of experience with "lnfrastructure as Code" and security architecture
Qualifications: Programming skills in various languages such as Python, Go, Java, or C#; extensive experience with Azure-based solutions and services, and extensive experience with various distributed computing technologies (e.g., Serverless, Containers, Kubernetes/Bicep, OpenTelemetry/Prometheus, etc.)
Personality and Working Practice: You are future-oriented, creative, and work in a very committed and responsible manner; your actions are full of drive; you enjoy working in a team; you are dynamic and adaptable
Enthusiasm: Your heart beats for software
Languages: very good written and spoken English, German preffered
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Aspenhaustraße 21, 72770 Kusterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.