Jobs by email
Hilti Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH
Digital Program Manager (m/f/d)
Kaufering, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
What's the role?
Digital Program Manager (m/f/d)
Kaufering near Muinch
Job reference: WD-0019110
You drive complex projects by leading a project team for data collection, organization, and formatting in the Business Unit Fire Protection to ensure data maintenance, confidentiality, correctness, and accessibility for internal operational efficiency as well as data base for front end customer solutions.
Who is Hilti?
We develop, manufacture and sell cutting-edge products, technology, software and services for the global construction industry. Hilti stands for innovation, quality and direct customer relationships.
From the research of new technologies to the development of market-maturity, innovative system solutions in the field of fastening and fire protection - our products are tested and optimised with the most modern laboratory equipment.
With 32,000 people in more than 120 countries, we're a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow in your career.
We develop our people by challenging them to leave their comfort zone, be it exploring other business areas, leading different teams or working in new locations
What does the role involve?
You are responsible for leading a project team of data architects and data quality mgrs including team budget and resource mgmt. You support the digital strategy development within the Business Unit other Business Units and external partners, as well as operations planning and visualization e.g. Kanban board and roadmap planning. You are accountable for all project activities for digital projects and programs in the Business Unit to achieve scope, time and budget targets. You are responsible to align all internal and external partners. You are accountable for communication of project progress in project relevant meetings like Multi-Project Regular Communication and Project Steering Meetings. You support project team members executing work packages in sprints (e.g. as scrum master). You are also supporting by own execution of work packages in digital projects. You set-up continuous improvement of interface interactions and digital processes in alignment with general operations and operational excellence of the Business Unit as well as other functional teams. Last but not least you ensure documentation of project and program progress.
Why should you apply?
You like to drive the interface between hardware and software development? You like to lead inclusively and HILTI value oriented? You have a passion for operational excellence and for continuous improvements? You like to exchange across functions and can dig into operational details but also generate a higher level overview? Then please apply!
What you need is:
Master degree in either a technical or IT relevant field
Broad project management skills (agility (scrum), waterfall) proven by a certificate (Prince 2, PMI) and 3 years of project management experience or 5+ years of project management in software and hardware development
High experience in financial control situations
High goal orientation
Very good leadership skills
Good presentation skills
Very good experience in stakeholder management
Very good English knowledge
What do we offer?
We offer you a unique place to work, in which you are part of a creative and interdisciplinary team. We will give you a lot of responsibility to develop yourself and we´ll support you in shaping your individual career path.
In addition, we offer you innovative and personalized Benefits, such as
Fitness and health benefits
Language courses
Flexible working arrangements
Asset creating benefit
Company pension scheme (employer-financed)
Subsidy for childcare
Further benefits:
Support in relocating and finding a flat
Tax advice
Integrity, courage, teamwork and commitment are essential for Hilti – both today and tomorrow. We are proud to say that we not only talk about our values, but also live them every day.
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €