Jobs by email
much. GmbH
Head of Manufacturing & SCM ERP Consulting
Be an early applicant
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Introduction
Lead challenging projects that implement and further develop business IT solutions in the manufacturing industry. From day one, you take on a lot of personal responsibility and lead and build a competent and dedicated team of experts. This role will lead you directly to partnership!
We are much. Consulting a fast-growing international consultancy with a focus on business IT & ERP systems. We are ambitious, team-oriented & passionate about our work. You seek professionalism but without the usual rigid structures & processes? Look no further! 
As soon as possible we're looking for a Head of Manufacturing & SCM ERP Consulting for our office in Munich.
Your tasks
Lead and manage your team through ERP projects in the manufacturing industry
Define and implement innovative IT architectures, drive state-of-the-art business strategies
Build, manage and further develop our consulting practices 
Guide your talented team through challenges and enable them to thrive
Help expanding your team as an expert and hiring manager
Maintain and expand business relationships with our clients 
Take part in pre-projects and convince clients of our services and solutions
Ensure that we deliver our services to the highest standards  
Your profile
At least 5 years of working experience and 1 year of leadership experience with touch points in IT Consulting, process optimization and Manufacturing IT
Deep knowledge of Manufacturing and Supply Chain Management end-to-end processes, best practices and upcoming technologies
Proven leadership and team management skills in a Project Management or Consulting context
Convincing personality and great interpersonal skills
Very sharp comprehension skills, analytical way of working & high commitment
Passion for challenging tasks and optimized processes
German & English speaking team player 
Our offer
Your expertise counts: lead your own team, contribute your expertise and help us to expand our success even further
Real impact: with us, nothing is set in stone - shape the company, turn your own ideas into action and make the difference
Innovative, result-driven work culture: look forward to fast decision-making and lean, orderly processes
A motivated, high-performing team: work with like-minded professionals with strong expertise and passion for what they do
Challenging and innovative projects: help us disrupt the Manufacturing ERP market and add real value for your clients - with the fastest growing ERP Odoo
Plenty of other benefits: excellent performance related salary & virtual shares, public transport, fitness centre, bike leasing, state-of-the-art equipment - we go beyond fruit baskets & free drinks
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
much. GmbH
Marcel-Breuer-Str. 17, 80807 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -