Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Developer (f/d/m)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Our next generations of microscopes enable the creation of huge datasets from clients, operating in different areas like Bio & Materials research, Electronics, Production, and Education. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to help us evolve our technical concepts and solutions for handling and processing massive amounts of multidimensional data. You will join our interdisciplinary team of expert developers, who are building our ZEISS Microscopy Imaging platform "ZEN" further, in close collaboration with an international team of product and project managers, testers and architects. With our "ZEN" platform and the ZEN ecosystem, we set standards in innovative research and enable customers to conduct their workflows worldwide. You can find more information about ZEN here: https://www.zeiss.com/microscopy/int/products/microscope-software/zen.htm
Ihr Profil
A university diploma holder or bachelor’s degree in computer science or comparable training
Proficient in backend technologies (e.g. C#/ASP.NET Core, microservices), container technologies (e.g. Docker and Kubernetes)
Familiar with frontend technologies (e.g. TypeScript and Angular)
experience with DevOps topics like CI/CD, automated testing, configuration of logging and monitoring systems, infrastructure management etc.
Business fluent in English
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact : Riya Mukundan (riya.mukundan@zeiss.com)
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.