Jobs by email
Kühne + Nagel (AG & Co.) KG
Integration Manager (m/f/d) Warehouse Automation
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 8 hours ago
Save
Shape the future of the technical landscape of our global warehouse automation projects!
You will be actively set up the technical design and acceptance criteria of our Warehouse Management System landscape to create technically stable and best-in-class automation solutions for our customers.
Your tasks
Take over technical project leadership and technical consultancy for global warehouse automation projects.
Create the technical design and definition of acceptance criteria for the Warehouse Management System, Warehouse Control System, and Material Handling Equipments.
Capture the holistic picture of the IT and automation landscape in an automated warehouse context.
Define non-functional requirements.
Coordinate the implementation of Interfaces and Communication (HTTPS, TCP/IP, TLS, etc.) between the Warehouse Control System and the Warehouse Management System while challenging 3rd party providers of Warehouse Controlling Systems and Material Handling Environments.
Your profile
Profound technical understanding, including multiple years of professional experience working in large-scale, complex projects and organizations.
Strong interest to discover and implement new technologies regarding automation and digitalization.
Understanding logistics (warehousing automation) processes and coding experiences would be beneficial.
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills.
Motivation to work in an international and distributed team and project environment.
Willingness to travel (occasional business trips, stakeholder meetings). 
Fluent oral and written English language skills.
What we offer
We want you to feel comfortable in your working surroundings, therefore, we are offering you modern offices in the announced Hamburg Hafencity directly adjacent to the Elbe, flexible working hours, a mobile working arrangement, a subsidized job ticket for public transportation as well as a canteen with a broad range of menus. Kuehne + Nagel is offering you a custom-made career – through individual planning and supervisors who support and advise you in every way. Personally, you get supported by a lot of work-life balance offerings, a company pension and supplementary health insurance.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Kühne + Nagel (AG & Co.) KG
20457 Hamburg, Deutschland