Jobs by email
Deloitte
BI Developer SAP BW4/HANA (m/f/x) (Inhouse)
Köln, Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
You make the difference. Whether in business Audit & Assurance, Risk Advisory, Tax & Legal, Financial Advisory or Consulting: at Deloitte, we help our global clients continuously evolve. Discover a diverse working environment that is constantly in motion and always revolving around one central hub: you and your expertise. What impact will you make?
Do you want to promote the digitalization of business processes in Corporate Functions - Deloitte Technology? Our team drives innovation, develops interdisciplinary digital services and provides state-of-the-art IT. Ensure our joint success and make the difference with us: as BI Developer SAP BW4/HANA (m/f/x) (Inhouse).
  Locations: Cologne and Dusseldorf.
Your impact:
As a BI Developer SAP BW4/HANA, you will ensure that BI solutions work. You will use the latest technologies and have a wide range of opportunities to shape your work. In detail, you will learn with us.....
Reporting and analytics dashboards: Support conception, data modeling, realization and implementation of new data flows and models as basis for new reporting and analysis dashboards.
Performance optimization: Develop and implement proposals for performance optimization.
Migration: Collaborate on the migration from SAP BW Netweaver to SAP BW4/HANA.
Monitoring: Daily process chain monitoring.
Integration: Support the integration of SLT for communication with other system landscapes.
Your skillset:
You are a team player and data lover who wants to join us in advancing the topics of digitalization, analytics or artificial intelligence
Two years of professional experience in SAP BW4/HANA
You have a degree with a focus on information technology
The HANA database is no rocket science for you
Fluent in German and English
Your chance:
Best-in-class ongoing education at Deloitte University (starting at manager level) and through individual qualification programs and training sessions
Extensive professional development opportunities with structured career planning, inclusive leadership, secondment programs, project-based job rotation, and support for societal engagement and corporate volunteering
Work-family balance with a family advice service, mobile working, part-time hours, sabbaticals, support for family caregivers, counseling for parental leave, and much more
A focus on health and fitness with regular health-themed days, partnerships with fitness providers, and support for sporting and team events
Attractive employer benefits including bicycle and car leasing, a company smartphone for private use, and flexible working models (such as trust-based working hours and EU remote working)
Plenty of scope for creativity and active promotion of an inclusive corporate culture - for instance through our ALL IN global diversity and inclusion initiative as well as local employee networks
Are you ready? Make a difference with us!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.