Jobs by email
Next Kraftwerke GmbH
Cloud Engineer (f/m/d)
Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
The Power of Many!
Would you like to join us in shaping the transformation of our energy system? Then you've come to the right place! We operate one of the largest Virtual Power Plants in Europe with thousands of networked power generators, consumers and storage facilities. With our team, we are working on the realisation of a sustainable power market – at our location in the heart of Cologne-Ehrenfeld, in our European branches and, of course, also while working from home.
Cloud Engineer (f/m/d)
As a member of our IT team, you master our cloud infrastructure services from basics such as network, VM and storage to more comprehensive services such as container/K8s cloud services. Beyond your own team, you will work closely together with DevOps, K8s and Software Engineers, as well as other IT Teams to migrate services into the cloud.
Whether full-time or part-time – let us know how we match up on this point.
We work with:
  Infrastructure-as-code, Kanban, Kubernetes, Prometheus/Opensearch, Ansible/Terraform
Python, Bash
Azure, AWS
Jira, Confluence
This is what you like
New products and technologies are the salt in the soup for you, you know how to integrate them without throwing the tried and tested carelessly overboard.
Live your credo of automation (Infrastructure as Code) and find reasonable intermediate steps to minimum viable infrastructure products.
Following guidelines and best practices of cloud engineering.
Create, document, discuss and implement concepts for efficient cloud infrastructure.
You are not afraid of scripting or debugging, but you do not get lost in the minutiae of technical problems.
Following principles of the agile manifest.
These are your qualifications and skills
You have successfully completed a degree in (business) computer science. Alternatively, you have completed an apprenticeship with an information technology focus, or you have appropriate professional experience in the IT environment.
Experience in configuring cloud environments, ideally in Azure.
Very solid skills in operation of Linux machines and a scripting language e.g. Bash, Python.
Several years of experience with automation tools and languages e.g. Terraform, Ansible.
Good understanding of network concepts and experience in configuring e.g. VNET, VLAN, DNS.
Experience in container based environments e.g. K8s and migrations from on-premise into cloud.
You are highly customer and team oriented, structured and focused.
What’s in it for you?
Hybrid and flexible work
Further education opportunities
Free green electricity (electricity allowance)
Jobbike
Sports offers e.g (Urban Sports Club, Yoga courses)
Employee assistance program
That is what our colleagues say:
„Collaborating across units and companies to build our future infrastructure is challenging yet rewarding. Join us on our challenging yet fun way to the cloud”
Fide Schürmeyer, Software Developer bei Next Kraftwerke
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Next Kraftwerke GmbH
Lichtstraße 43g, 50825 Köln, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Home office
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.