Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Software Development Engineer in Test for MBOS Base Layer ADAS (f/m/x)
Böblingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0001EV3
Aufgaben
At Mercedes-Benz, we invented the car and now, we strive for nothing less than taking the lead in car software. We will do this with a proprietary software development approach, strong partners like NVIDIA and our own proprietary MBOS operating system. MBOS will be developed in-house and is scheduled for launch in 2024. It is a holistic, software focussed approach from the hardware over embedded software, the intelligent could up to the IoT. This will allow greater speed, more frequent updates and upgrades, mastering the increasing complexity and will be designed around scalable architectures. The ADAS domain with its powerful high computing platform and intelligent sensors will not only deliver cutting edge ADAS customer experience but is also a one of the crucial pillars for MBOS.
With an international team, we want to integrate people who appreciate quality, creativity and teamwork just as much as we do. Together we create the world’s best cars with passionate technology on exciting topics like: automated and autonomous driving, infotainment systems or mobile APPs. And we need YOU to shape the future of Mercedes-Benz!
About the role
In the autonomous driving team, we focus on the development of the future autonomous driving system for Mercedes-Benz cars. We integrate a variety of high-end sensors and the overall ADAS SW stack. The system is developed in-house at Mercedes-Benz and with other partners, like NVIDIA.
As a Software Development Engineer in Test (all genders), you will work in the team responsible for base layer software testing and release. Your job is to actively work with the feature development teams and develop tests on different integration levels (Unit Tests, Integration Tests, Qualification Tests) as needed for the overall software release. You will create and manage bug reports and actively support the feature development teams in fixing the software bugs. You will be performing test automation and actively work with others on the further development of our test framework and test methodology.
What we offer
A chance to work on a new generation of cutting edge ADAS, which will power millions of Mercedes-Benz cars
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
Flexible working hours
#MBOS
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Degree in Computer Science Engineering, Information Technology, Electrical Engineering or comparable
Several years of relevant professional experience, especially practical test and test automation experience in the embedded automotive environment
Knowledge in development and testing of Real-Time, Safety relevant functions (ISO26262)
Experience in testing and debugging of Classic and Adaptive AUTOSAR based ECUs
Strong experience with programming languages: C, C++, Python and CAPL
Strong experience of relevant Testing (gTest, vTestStudio, VectorCAST/QA …) and Measurement (CANoe, Lauterbach …) tools
Good knowledge of ECU and HiL hardware, Ethernet, CAN and FlexRay
Experience in working with IBM DNG, Rhapsody, RQM, Jira, Git, CI/CD, XRAY…
Understanding of ADAS systems
Knowledge of SOME/IP, RT-POSIX OS (QNX) and Hypervisor
Experience with working at an ASPICE driven environment
Familiarity with open source licenses and/or being a contributor to open source Projects
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment and resolve the conflicts that arise
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience
Eager to learn and work with new technologies
Proficient in English, German
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB).
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process:
SBV-Sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
I f you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71034 Böblingen, Germany
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.