Jobs by email
IGEL Technology GmbH
Software Engineer Linux (m/f/d)
Augsburg, Bremen, Karlsruhe, remote (bundesweit)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Work is now defined by what we do, not where we go. The widely distributed workforce is here to stay.
IGEL allows workers to thrive, regardless of the environment, while organizations retain full management, control, and security of user endpoints. IGEL secures and simplifies digital workspaces in healthcare, finance, retail, higher education, government, and manufacturing organizations around the world. All we’re missing is: YOU.
Ihre Aufgaben
In our Linux department, we integrate software solutions in the cloud/server-based computing environment into our Linux-based IGEL OS. Our developers are responsible for the entire development process from planning to completion and specialize in areas such as software integration, development of clients/tools, customization and much more.
In order to expand further and strengthen our market position, we are seeking motivated developers for our office in Augsburg, Bremen, Karlsruhe or remote. 
RESPONSIBILITIES
Development, integration, maintenance, and testing of software components
Development of software solutions in the Cloud/Server Based Computing environment (e.g. Citrix, VMware, RDP, etc.)
Development and integration of customer requirements
Supervision of the entire process, from development to release 
Ihr Profil
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in computer science, mathematics or electrical engineering is preferred, or relevant professional experience with qualified technical training
Knowledge of the structure and function of Linux-based systems
Good proficiency in C/C++ programming languages
Knowledge in Python and Bash is desirable
Experience in software development with Qt or GTK is an advantage
You like to collaborate with colleagues toward a common goal
You are able to grasp complex interrelations and independently develop content
Wir bieten
A thorough induction into the company and our products
A workplace run on trust, empowerment, and feedback with a positive, inspiring working atmosphere
Competitive salary and great IT equipment
Individual further training opportunities for your career
Flexible working times, so that you can combine your demanding work with your private goals and requirements.
Free beverages and fruits, diverse sports offerings, co-financed company pension plan and much more benefits
Light-flooded and ultra-modern new offices in Bremen, Augsburg and Karlsruhe
A highly motivated team that is already looking forward to your support and to developing strategies and achieving common goals together with you
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.