Jobs by email
Klarna GmbH
Klarna Engineering Graduate 2023 - Berlin
BERLIN
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
About Klarna
Since 2005 Klarna has been on a mission to revolutionize the retail banking industry. With over 150 million global active users and 2 million transactions per day, Klarna is meeting the changing demands of consumers by saving them time and money while helping them be informed and in control. Over 450,000 global retail partners, including H&M, Saks, Sephora, Macys, IKEA, Expedia Group, and Nike have integrated Klarna's innovative technology to deliver a seamless shopping experience online and in-store. Klarna has over 6,000 employees and is active in 45 markets.
On our path to becoming the world’s favorite way to shop, we’re assembling an unparalleled global talent network, accelerating individual careers, and disrupting entire industries. We are on a mission to liberate humanity from all the meaningless time spent managing their purchases and finances, so they can do more of what they love. We’re in search of global talent eager to embrace our atmosphere and defy their own expectations.
Engineering at Klarna is an inspired, customer focused community, dedicated to crafting solutions that redefine our industry. Working in small, highly collaborative Agile teams, you and your team will have a clear mission and ownership of an important outcome that supports Klarna and our customers.
At Klarna we optimise for quality, fast feedback, continuous improvement, testing, monitoring and experimentation. We aim for teams that are inclusive, helpful and have a strong sense of ownership for the things they build.
Our engineers make some of the most significant decisions for the company and we are looking for bold, open and curious developers. As a Klarnaut, you’ll be inspired to contribute to the growth of Europe’s most highly valued fintech and your work will reach millions of users.
TheEngineering Graduate Programspans over a 12 month period and it includes training, team rotation and social activities. The training modules deep-dive into engineering with focus on data, security and software engineering. During a period of three months our graduates get to rotate between teams, to get a better understanding on the impact of their work in their target team and how problem spaces connect with each other.
So would you like to be a part of the Klarna ecosystem and contribute to our goal of creating and delivering the smoothest payment solutions around the globe? We are now seeking talented graduates who are passionate about using their skills and ideas to join us on a permanent contract and take part in our 12 month Graduate Program, starting on the 2023/09/18
As a Software Engineer at Klarna you will:
Work on specific problem spaces critical to Klarna’s current needs where you will design, develop and deploy frontend and backend services with a focus on scalability, high availability and low latency
Bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, large-scale system design, big data storage/processing, security, artificial intelligence, UI design and mobile development
Develop as a professional in an entrepreneurial organization that provides opportunity to work with your areas of interest
Use state of the art technology to solve real problems for our customers at a massive scaleDesign, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve : you own the full life-cycle of your code - you write it, you own it!
You should have:
Strong development ability in one or more general purpose programming languages like Java, JavaScript, Python, or work with our data teams in SQL
Bachelor’s degree (or higher)or equivalent education (bootcamps etc)
Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English
Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed
Natural desire to solve interesting problems for your customers in a diverse team
What we offer:
Diversity & Community: With our diversity of skills, perspectives and backgrounds, we can create, innovate, and disrupt like no other. Diversity is part of who we are, and essential to our success.
Ownership & Impact: Here, every voice matters. We’re organized into hundreds of small teams, each run like a start-up, focused on their own problem-space.
Trust & Collaboration: Successes and failures are won together at Klarna in a melting pot of teams. Win, lose, and learn, we’re on this path together.
If you love what you do, you should love where you do it. We appreciate that everyone’s different and has their own preferences of where and how to work. We genuinely believe in the power of regular face-to-face interactions in building close connections with our teams, but we also strongly believe people can work effectively remotely. This means that combining both is the key to success.
At Klarna, You can choose between working from the office, remotely within your employment country, or even outside of it for up to 20 working days per year. Flex it up!
Challenges & Rewards: We take a very Swedish approach to benefits. Support for parents, health and wellness perks—we’ve got you covered.
Culture - You'll have an opportunity to work with people from 100+ different countries in our English speaking office in Berlin
Learning - We have a learning and development focused environment with an emphasis on knowledge sharing, training, and regular internal technical talks
Compensation - You’ll receive an attractive salary, pension, and insurance plans, plus we offer all of our employees an opportunity to invest in a RSU program and own a stake of the company
You’ll also receive 30 days annual leave and since we recognise that life is about more than work, we also offer benefits for gym memberships, marathons, and all sorts of activities that promote physical health. We also have generous parental leave (for men and women).
It is our commitment that every qualified person will be evaluated according to skills regardless of age, gender, identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and age with the application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €