Jobs by email
Verivox GmbH
(Senior) Product Manager / Product Owner Business Unit Insurance (m/f/d)
Heidelberg, Berlin, Leipzig, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Become part of the Verivox Team!
Verivox is part of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and is one of the leading, independent online consumer portals in Germany. Since 1998 it is our mission to help consumers get the best deals for electricity, gas, DSL, mobile phones, finances, insurances, real estate, cars, motorbikes and travel. More than 8 million happy customers have compared prices, and then changed their provider - thereby saving more than EUR 1.6 billion. We are a fast-growing and profitable company and continuously strive to improve our services. Whether at any of our ten locations in Germany or in Switzerland: we are one team aiming to give our customers a better experience every day. A flat hierarchy and innovative and dynamic processes help us in achieving this aim - while still having fun being part of the team.
What you can expect
BECOME PART OF THE VERIVOX TEAM!
We are looking for you - fulltime (40h/week) at the earliest date possible - in our headquarters in Heidelberg, in Berlin, Leipzig, or Munich as a (Senior) Product Manager / Product Owner Business Unit Insurance (m/f/d).
Your Mission
As integral part of the Insurance Business Unit at Verivox, you will focus on shaping a customer data driven and technologically emerging e-commerce product.
On the one hand you are a thought-leader & enabler for a cross functional team (e.g.,UX, development) and on the other hand the most reliable 'wing man' to a large number of other stakeholders (e.g., sales, marketing, customer services).
You are responsible for the continuous planning and execution throughout the product life cycle and depending services/integrations along the full user journey, from acquisition to retention.
You have a thorough understanding of the problems your are tackling because you are constantly applying diverse methods and tools derived from the field of Lean Product Development. Therefor consistent user research and interactions with customers, precise prioritisation of assumptions as well as validation techniques are part of your DNA.
Your strong product mindset leads you to want to repeatedly iterate within the build-measure-learn cycle - starting with the implementation of only thin slices at first to then step by step validate hypothesis using quantitative and qualitative measures.
Your entrepreneurial spirit makes you want to shape together with your Product Lead, the vision, strategy, and direction of your product to define, steer, and analyse the goals and operative metrics that drive success prioritisation.
You are super fan of emerging technologies and are not shy about testing new water if needs be.
Your essential experience and education
You have profound experience as an agile & lean Product Manager or Product Owner with a proven track record of discovery, planning, shipping, and iterating impactful products.
You have significant experiences in working with both qualitative customer insights, and quantitative data for making smart decisions, building narratives and measuring successes.
The difference between behavioural, leading and lagging KPIs is no myth to you and you can easily draw relations between them.
You've conducted user research and ran a/b tests before and have worked hand in hand with UX designers and researchers as well as product analysts.
You're comfortable with having to constantly navigate ambiguity. But with the right amounts of creativity, bravery and through innovative ideas you are always striving to that make a difference.
You are an outstanding communicator across teams and hierarchies, comfortable with both writing and presenting to get alignment from a variety of stakeholders and to communicate product decisions and the rationale behind them.
You are fluent in English and have a proficient knowledge in German (level C1 or above).
As a Bonus Super Power: You have experience in how to organise growing amounts of essential customer information into scalable data structures, how to create meaningful data relationships within entity models and know how formulate simple data queries in order to find answers or calculate, combine, add and delete data sets from tables in a database.
What's in it for you?
More than 500 employees from over 30 nations as a collegial community with flat hierarchies
Our "New Normal": generous mobile office regulations enable you to work flexibly from home - already today, but also after Corona
Open, modern and friendly working environment with a startup feeling
Own area of responsibility with room to develop your own ideas and concepts
A relaxed and constantly evolving work environment where success is as important as regular team events
Informal working environment - no dress code
Exclusive employee benefits such as job ticket, job bike, lunch allowance, employee discounts and company pension scheme
Complimentary hot and cold drinks and fresh fruit
Centrally located with optimal transport connections
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Verivox GmbH
69115 Heidelberg, Germany