Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Diagnostic Engineer – Advanced Driver Assistance System (f/m/x)
Böblingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER00025KD
Tasks
At Mercedes-Benz, we invented the car and now, we strive for nothing less than taking the lead in car software. We will do this with a proprietary software development approach, strong partners like NVIDIA and our own MBOS operating system.
With an international team, we want to integrate people who appreciate quality, creativity and teamwork just as much as we do. Together we create the world’s best cars with passionate technology on exciting topics like automated and autonomous driving, infotainment systems or mobile APPs. We need YOU to shape the future of Mercedes-Benz!
In the ADAS development team, we focus on the development of the future autonomous driving system for Mercedes-Benz cars. We integrate a variety of high-end sensors and the overall ADAS software stack. The system is developed in-house at Mercedes-Benz and with our partner NVIDIA.
As product owner for IDC diagnosis you will be responsible for the following tasks:
Work with stakeholder on system level for ADAS functionality and users of diagnosis (e.g. plant and aftermarket) to derive their diagnostic requirements
Coordinate implementation of diagnosis SW components together with our in-house SW developers including our colleagues at MB India in Bangalore
Develop state-of-the-art concepts in diagnostics for Autosar Adaptive and handle standardization also in terms of legislation
Plan content and timing using agile methods and tools like SRCUM and Jira
Create diagnostic artifacts like cdd-file all the way from concept phase, implementation and testing
Make sure proper testing is executed both for generic and project specific diagnosis
Provide transparency to the ADAS project on maturity and content ramp up for diagnosis
Work with our central diagnostic expert group to keep your own knowledge up to date and make sure our project follows the latest standards and technologies
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science Engineering, Information Technology or similar
Strong automotive diagnosis skills, including the areas of SW update and variant coding
Experience with diagnostic authoring tools like CANdela Studio; ODX Studio and testing tools like CANoe; DTS9 and their usage in vehicle and HIL systems
Knowledge of diagnostic standard formats like ODX etc.
Experience in requirements engineering and Doors NG as a tool (CPRE preferable)
Knowledge in AUTOSAR Classic and Adaptive in the area of diagnosis SW implementation
Knowledge or willing to learn diagnostic documentation tools
Strong Confluence and Jira expertise
Basic knowledge in SW development and tool chains
Basic knowledge in RTOS like QNX
German on C1-Level
Personal skills:
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting technical issues
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skill
Passionate about improving developer productivity and efficiency
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71034 Böblingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.