Jobs by email
Airbus Group
FCAS2023 Software Architect for Manned-Unmanned Teaming (d/f/m)
Manching
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 23 hours ago
Save
FCAS - Shaping the future European Air Power
FCAS has the potential to become a future key pillar to secure the sovereignty of Europe, strategically, technologically, and industrially! With Spain joining the Franco-German cooperation, the programme took an important step towards its Europeanization. As FCAS is much more than “just” a new Fighter, but an integrated & combined system-of-system including existing and future platforms and tools, the programme will integrate a wide range of the Airbus DS portfolio and competencies.
Become part of the presumably most important defence programme of the next decades.
A vacancy for a Software Architect (d/f/m) has arisen within Airbus Defence and Space in Manching. The successful applicant will join “Future Air Power”.
The tri-national Future Combat Air System project consists of a number of technology demonstrators, e.g. the Remote Carrier/Manned-Unmanned Teaming Demonstrator (RC/MUT). Within the framework of the MUT work packages exemplary teaming capabilities shall be developed for demonstrations in lab and flight tests.
The main tasks of this job advertisement are as follows:
Architecture design and software development for mission computers of unmanned air vehicles
Creation and management of ICDs
Contribute SW aspects to future avionics hardware platform concepts
As a job candidate you meet the following demands:
Completed Studies
Very good know how in C/C++, python, Linux
Experience in:
source code management
model-based and hand-coded software development
modern software architecture concepts
simulation environments and simulation models
Matlab, Simulink and embedded code integration
AGILE development
Teamplayer
Ability to work self-employed
What do we offer?
Challenging tasks for/with unique services and products
Pleasant working atmosphere in a professional and international work environment
Comprehensive on-boarding included
Exciting development opportunities and perspectives
Extensive company training offers (eLearning and Classroom Trainings)
Flexible working hours
Compatibility of work and family life
 Attractive remuneration
Company Pension Scheme
Good connections to public transport and local parking facilities
Catering facilities on site
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner