Jobs by email
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
Junior IT Specialist - Digitalization and Innovation (f/m/d)
Weinheim
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
Freudenberg is a global technology group that strengthens its customers and society long-term through forward-looking innovations. Together with our partners, customers and the world of science, we develop leading-edge technologies, and excellent products, solutions and services for 40 market segments. The Freudenberg Group employs some 50,000 people in 60 countries worldwide and generates sales of over 10 billion euros.
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions is a Business Group of Freudenberg and a leading global supplier of branded cleaning systems as well as household and laundry care products. The portfolio includes brands such as Vileda®, Gimi®, Wettex® and Marigold®. The company employs more than 3,200 people and hosts a distribution network in 35 countries.
New, effective products and distribution channels, technical innovations and a strong customer focus have been the company’s key success factors. They are supported by extensive market and customer research on an international basis as well as innovation centers and production plants around the world.
You support our team as
Junior IT Specialist - Digitalization and Innovation (f/m/d)
Responsibilities
Planning and implementing projects to drive the strategic topic of digital transformation.
Optimizing and digitizing existing and new solutions through modern cloud technologies (e.g. Microsoft Azure Services, Robot Process Automation, Power Platform, ChatGPT, App Factory).
Working together with our business units and setting new impulses as part of the international IT team.
Broaden your horizon by trend scouting and assessing the benefits of the latest technologies and innovations.
Managing and developing our Digital Platforms independently and driving innovation together as a team to gain a competitive advantage.
Qualifications
Successfully completed university degree in computer science, business informatics or a comparable degree with an IT focus.
1 to 2 years of practical experience with affinity to IT and digitalization topics qualify you for this exciting position.
Experience with cloud technologies, RPA, power platform, process automation is an advantage.
Very good German and English skills enable you to work and communicate effectively with our international business units and partners.
You enjoy learning new digital skills and project methodologies and work independently.
Some of your Benefits
Cafeteria/Canteen
Fresh food on-site, both hot and cold
Easily reachable
Easy, low-stress access by car or public transport
Flexible work arrangements
Opportunities for flex hours and/or remote work to maximize performance satisfaction
Gym
Stay fit with easy access to an on-site center
Training / Career development
Programs to supercharge skills and expertise
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
Höhnerweg 2-4, 69469 Weinheim, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -