Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Expert Software Safety Automotive (f/m/div.)
Leonberg oder Abstatt bei Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 11 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Leonberg
Your tasks
Our Mission is to ensure the best potential fit between hardware and software by connecting the development on both sides with each other. We focus on early involvement in Hardware design decisions and provide an excellent Software basis for our product Area.
At Bosch, we want to give drivers the best possible support to get to their destination safely and stress-free. Join our team as a Software Safety Expert and define and allocate all Software Safety concepts and requirements at Hardware-related Software level and Basis Software level for the automotive future.
After you have derived all necessary requirements from the system safety goals, the SoC documentation and the Suppliers Erratas, you will communicate the Software Safety concepts as well as Software Safety Design Decisions to internal and external stakeholders. You will always take our safety and security concepts into account - we rely on you and your Know-how.
But that's not all: You also allocate the Software Safety requirements to the development teams and support the development activities.
Speaking of collaboration: You are part of an enthusiastic, international project team that works in an agile way and interacts with platform and customer projects.
Your profile
Education: completed studies in computer engineering or equivalent
Personality and Working Practice: Leadership, excellent analysis and decision skills, excellent work structure and communication skills, ability to manage priorities in a complex environment, solution and target oriented.
Experience and Knowledge: Several years of experience in a Software Safety Expert role for complex ECUs in the automotive or aerospace industry. Knowledge of microprocessor and microcontroller architecture, QNX , Linux-based systems and knowledge of Inter-SOC communication (Ethernet, PCIe).
Languages: fluent English, German knowledge is a plus
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.