Jobs by email
ZEISS
SAP BI Platform Developer
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Develop applications SAP BI Cloud and On-Premise solutions at Zeiss in all its phases - Participate in proof of concepts, projects, post-go live support activities and enhancements according to user requests
Creation of technical documentation and handover to support teams
Active coordination with basis teams, end users and other technical areas
Ihr Profil
Technical Degree in computer science, software engineering or similar field - Solid experience with BW (2-3 years) including NW 7.5. BW4/HANA development experience is a big advantage
Experience with SAP Analytics Cloud, SAP Data Intelligence and SAP Data Warehouse Cloud are added advantages
Experience with ETL performance improvement and troubleshooting
Experience with SAP ABAP, SQL Script or Python
Technical problem-solving skills
Advanced English language skills
Good communication with peers, technical teams, and business representatives
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Annett Burger, Markus Repp
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.