Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Project Lead Med Devices (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 12 hours ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Program and software project management (e.g., breaking down a product roadmap into deliverables and versions, project planning with quality gates required for medical devices)
Planning, creation, and review of product documentation for regulatory approval (FDA 510(k), MDD and MDR) in compliance with IEC 62304, ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62366 standards
Responsibility and preparation of project and budget plans including project controlling and external contracting
Coordinating project plans and product requirements (features) with stakeholders (e.g., quality management, UX/UI, localization, regulatory teams)
Ihr Profil
6 – 8 years of work experience and minimum of 5 years in agile software development of complex products, ideally in the health care or any other regulated industry at the interface of hard-and software or equivalent
A proven track record of successfully launched and operated agile projects in the high-tech area
Knowledge of agile product owner methodologies
Strong problem solving and communication skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment
Ideally work experience in health care, technology, or similar platforms
English language skills
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.