Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Lead Developer) Wayland compositor – Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V712
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission
You will contribute to the development and integration of our first-in-class in-vehicle infotainment system MBUX (Mercedes-Benz User Experience). You are part of the UI (user interface) team which is responsible for the UI backend technology. 
We are seeking a talented and experienced Lead Developer to join our team. In this role, you will be responsible for porting and integrating an open source Qt-based wayland compositor into an embedded automotive system.
The ideal candidate will have several years of experience working with Wayland, as well as a deep understanding of C++, Qt, and QML. You should be able to demonstrate your expertise in these areas through your past work experience and projects. In addition, knowledge of the Linux graphic stack is a plus.
In this role, you will be responsible for design and development for the Wayland compositor using an agile approach to development. This means that you will be working closely with the team to ensure that the compositor is reliable, efficient, and easy to use, and that it integrates seamlessly with our existing software.
We are looking for someone who is passionate about Wayland and open source and has a strong understanding of agile development principles. If you believe you have the skills and experience we are looking for, we would love to hear from you.
Sneak preview of your future tasks
Lead the development of an open source compositor for our automotive use-case
Coordination and definition of a Wayland base API for clients, including protocols
Technical lead for the compositor in coordination with PO and architecture team
Arbitration between MBition requirements and open source community needs
Integration of the compositor into a challenging embedded environment
Support other teams who are developing compositor clients with their implementation and usage of the APIs 
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Experience
Solid C++, Qt5 / Qt6 and QML experience
Solid Wayland experience
Knowledge of the Linux graphics stack
Proven planning and communication skills
Interest in software architecture for embedded systems.
Good understanding of agile and classic development processes
Yocto is a plus, familiarity with contributing to open source development communities is essential
Personal Skills
Team-player attitude
Well-developed communication skills
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting technical issues
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone. 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!     
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.