Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Network Security Architect (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
Your target: Bring Enterprise Internet connectivity to a next level - always considering challenging security requirements
In this position you participate in one of our strategic technology initiatives with a team of highly skilled network and security experts.
Your tasks include developing a migration path solutions that optimally combine today's best-in-class enterprise network solutions with future cloud-based opportunities.
Furthermore, you are responsible for the process and solution development of the end-to-end network segmentation orchestration with a focus on SecureBCN (customer facing processes).
Moreover, your responsibilities also includes include the further development of the technical architecture of network security zones.
Last but not least, you are in charge for coordinating roadmaps and participate in IT Architecture Boards for joint development.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies in Information Technology, Telecommunication or a comparable subject
Personality: teamplayer, communicative, responsible
Working Practice: goal-oriented, independent, organized
Experience and Knowledge: several years of experience in the field of IT Infrastructure with focus on network and network security architecture. Hands-on experience with VPN, proxy and SASE solutions would be desirable. 
Enthusiasm: High interest in innovative network solutions like SASE, IPv6, next generation firewalling and multicloud networking
Languages: business fluent in written and spoken German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.