Jobs by email
ZEISS
SAP Master Data Migration Specialist (m/f/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting solutions in a diverse, stable work environment that’s focused on the future. Join us in a modern work environment with an open and inspiring culture and colleagues.
The Digital Innovation Partners unit based in Munich, Oberkochen and Jena is realizing cutting-edge customer-centric digital solutions jointly with the ZEISS business units.
Your role at ZEISS Digital:
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. In this challenging function, you will help our business units to establish Master Data standards and increase the quality level of Master Data in ERP, CRM, MDG and other systems. You will leverage analytical tools to perform data integrity checks and cleansing, identify and correct/update data discrepancies, duplicates, and dated records. You will convert and transfer data into our core systems. You will be part of a central Master Data Governance Team in which you create the foundation for a data-driven organization. You will work in cross-functional teams with the ZEISS business units at ZEISS Digital Partners.
Ihr Profil
successfully completed studies, preferably business informatics, information technology or a technical education in informatics, paired with a passion for master data and data quality
Strong communication skills and the ability to communicate between different stakeholder groups from technology to business
Experience with SAP MDG, ERP, CRM, Salesforce and the data structures within those systems
Experience with SAP Data Services (DS), Information Steward, SAP HANA Migration Cockpit and other Data Quality and Mass processing Tools
Fluent English and advanced German language skills
Career starters also appreciated
At ZEISS we encourage creative thinking and innovation. We work in dynamic and interdisciplinary teams and offer individual development perspectives as well as flexibility in organizing your work. We care about our employees and take particular responsibility for improving society and preserving our environment. These core values have shaped our corporate culture at ZEISS for over 170 years.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.