Jobs by email
Magna
Analyst, SAP MM (m/f/d)
Sailauf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Group Description
At Magna, we create technology that disrupts the industry and solves big problems for consumers, our customers, and the world around us. We're the only mobility technology company and supplier with complete expertise across the entire vehicle.
We are committed to quality and continuous improvement because our products impact millions of people every day. But we're more than what we make. We are a group of entrepreneurial-minded people whose collective expertise gives us a competitive advantage. World Class Manufacturing is a journey and it's our talented people who lead us on this journey.
Stellenbeschreibung
Role Summary
The SAP Application Management Support Team provides support for our internal customers across Europe. The range of activities includes incident management and training as well as process design, implementation of change requests or small projects and support of our project teams during roll-out projects. Our system landscape consists of several systems using ECC 6.0 and a few systems already on S/4 HANA.
This position requires an analytical, experienced and motivated team-player with a strong SAP Logistics background, work ethic and integrity that will become a key part of the SAP Team. You should have good communication skills in German and English and have a strong desire to excel. Knowledge in the Automotive Industry and ABAP will be a major advantage. Besides a solid MM experience of at least 5 years you should also have a basic knowledge of other SAP modules like SD, PP and WM as well as experience in managing small projects.
Key Responsibilities
Provide day-to-day SAP end-user support
Analyze business requirements and gaps not met by the existing systems / implementations
Identify feasible solutions, create business blueprints and provide effort estimations
Create or review development specifications
Implement solutions using customizing and master data setup
In case of ABAP skills: implement small reports or user-exits / BADIs
Support roll-out projects
Assist in the coordination and collaboration with external consultants
Consult for research and implementation assistance regarding new modules, features or interfaced/integrated new products
Time tracking and documentation according to Magna Global IT standards
Ensure billing of your projects and changes
Key Qualifications/Requirements
Very good experience in MM module and a good understanding of purchasing and manufacturing business processes
Nice to have interface knowledge between MM and WM, SD, FI/CO and QM modules
Proficient in spoken and written German and English
ABAP knowledge is a major plus
SAP Workflow knowledge is a major plus
Knowledge of 3rd party add-ons like Mobisys and WSW is a major plus
Knowledge of MS Office and Outlook is desirable
Knowledge, Education and Work Experience
University degree in Business Information Technology or other comparable education
Experience of at least 3 years with MM module in SAP and a good understanding of manufacturing business processes
Experience in the Automotive Industry is desirable
Additional Information
For dedicated and motivated employees, we offer an interesting and diversified job within a dynamic global team together with the individual and functional development in a professional environment of a global acting business. Fair treatment and a sense of responsibility towards employees are the principle of the Magna culture. We strive to offer an inspiring and motivating work environment.
We offer attractive benefits (e.g. employee profit participation program) and a salary which is in line with market conditions depending on your skills and experience.
Regular travel up to 10% of the time.
Awareness. Unity. Empowerment.
At Magna, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. That's why we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire on the basis of experience and qualifications, and in consideration of job requirements, regardless of, in particular, color, ancestry, religion, gender, origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity. Magna takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. We discourage you from sending applications via email to comply with GDPR requirements and your local Data Privacy Law.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Magna
63877 Sailauf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates