Jobs by email
Continental AG
Web Application Cyber Security Engineer (m/f/diverse) (70% part-time)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
Job Description
Continental’s digital capabilities are growing every day. Our eCommerce, Fleet Solutions and Data Science Information Technology team creates a wide range of technology solutions for Continental’s Global Sales and Marketing teams – and we want you to join us!
Our team continuously works on the digitalization of our business-to-business processes and end consumer communication, using leading web technologies and a strong focus on data science and artificial intelligence. We run Continental’s global customer relationship management platform, which supports our Sales colleagues in their daily interaction with customers. 
The Fleet Solutions part of our team builds global tech platforms using the Internet of Things, big data and automated service management. We constantly strive to improve the user experience for our fleet customers and Continental’s fleet organization.
If you’d love to join a global team that works on the latest technologies and creates value-added solutions for customers, Continental is the perfect match for you.
In this exciting job you work on the following tasks:
Ensuring that every step of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) of our core applications follows security best practices
Driving our organization and teams to adhere to secure coding principles. Working together with our architects and infrastructure teams to ensure proper monitoring and security measures are in place
Aiding in testing the application against security risks/parameters before release
Coordinating and offering security training for all internal development teams
Performing internal PenTesting and audits of Web and Mobile Applications
Get to know some of your new colleagues in Hanover already today on our website.
 Qualifications
Academic degree in computer science, another technical field or an equivalent qualification
Several years of work experience and strong interest to become a champion in Cyber Security specialist for Web Applications
Thorough knowledge of building or reviewing threat models, conducting security assessments and penetration testing
Programming experience in Java or C#, Understanding of DevOps and continuous integration
Great interpersonal skills and interest to our drive our organization and our teams to adhere to secure coding principles
Analytical skills and conceptional qualification
Professional working proficiency in English, German is beneficial
Open to travel up to 15 % , incl. business trips abroad
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
The job in numbers: You are going to work 26 hours a week in a team of 10 people. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.
Being part of a global IT team of thousands of colleagues working on various innovations and tasks, there is always an opportunity to grow and move into different directions within our corporation.
On top of that you can expect the following benefits:
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, trainings or global internal Software Academy)
Work from home up to 3 days a week (unless workshops etc. require physical presence)
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across 4 locations in a globally active organization
Company and tariff pension plan
Health insurance
Assistance with child-care
Parent-child office
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
Gym on-site
On-site physicians
Sabbatical option
If this sounds like a perfect match for you and if you want to become the next supporter of our core values Trust For One Another, Passion to Win and Freedom to Act, we are looking forward receiving your application.
  Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße 25, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -