Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Working Student Connectivity MB.OS starting April/May 2023 (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002FFD
Tasks
Inside Mercedes-Benz Cars Research & Development (RD) we shape the future of upcoming Mercedes-Benz vehicle generations. We stand for most innovative products of superior quality and aspire to be the leader in the fields of electric mobility and vehicle software. Therefore, it is our daily business to work on the technologies and vehicles of tomorrow.
Description:
Data, AI and connected vehicles play a central role in the digital transformation of Mercedes-Benz Research and Development. The focus of our department is on data and connectivity. A wide variety of rich data sources including data from our test and endurance vehicle fleets, our customer vehicle fleet, from test benches, workshops and production lines defines substantial potential for our product development as well as business.
Within Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) we are re-defining the way how the car communicates with the cloud. To increase the focus on the connectivity topic within MB.OS a new team is being established in our department and we are looking forward to welcome you as our new team member.
Our Connectivity Team is looking for your support to create something big. We are a product centric team, responsible to implement 'vehicle to cloud connectivity solutions' and define a new Connectivity Strategy.
You support the elaboration of a secure, robust Internet of Thing (IoT) connectivity architecture for the interaction of vehicle applications with services in the cloud, e.g., to be able to offer autonomous driving functions
Ideally, you have a good understanding of subsystems (embedded, network, cloud application, customer frontend) and become acquainted with the overall system requirements
You prepare project related documents and strategy presentations
You work in an agile development environment
You cooperate and collaborate with international teams in order to develop state of the art solutions
Qualifications
You are studying Computer Science, Information Technology, Electrical Engineering, or a comparable qualification
Ideally you have knowledge of cloud technologies and IoT products
Ideally you have knowledge of existing network protocols, architectures, and the specific purposes
Business fluent German and English
You like to work independently but also in a team
You have an analytical way of thinking and a strategic way of working You are interested in learning new things and developing yourself further
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Ability to prioritize tasks, set yourself goals and work self-organized to achieve them
Openness and self-motivation to learn, give and receive feedback and develop yourself further
Ability and flexibility to work in intercultural and international teams
Additional information:
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, certificate of enrollment, current performance record, relevant certificates, if applicable proof of mandatory internship and the standard period of study (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
Please find the criteria of employment here.
Citizens of countries outside the European Trade Union please send, if applicable, your residence / work permit.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the Chat-Bot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.