Jobs by email
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) SA
Application Manager (f/m/d) - Area of ICT Department
Be an early applicant
Luxembourg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Easy apply
Save
Einleitung
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. is part of UniCredit Group, one of the leading European banking groups, headquartered in Italy and present in many European countries. Being part of Wealth Management Division, UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. is an international hub for the Global Family Office activities of UniCredit Group.
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. provides the local expertise that is a hallmark of our Group, while serving as our hub for internationally oriented ultra-high-net-worth clients and as a
provider of state-of-the-art solutions for corporate customers of UniCredit Group.
Job Description
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. offers a position as Application Manager (f/m/d) in its ICT department on a permanent contract. This is a role that suits those with a high degree of IT skills as well as an ability to focus on extremely technical issues.
Your tasks in our team:
Responsibility and improvement for assigned applications;
Ensuring quality troubleshooting services for 2nd and 3rd level support;
Managing day-to-day operations and project implementation.
Your Profile
Experience of at least 5-7 years within the banking industry is mandatory;
Oracle and PL/SQL is mandatory including bash, ksh, sh, perl;
SAP financial system technology is required;
Basic Powershell scripting, X-GEN middleware management would be an asset;
Proficiency in English is mandatory, French or Italian will be an asset.
We offer:
Interesting and diversified tasks and responsibilities within a motivated team;
An open minded, dynamic and international company culture;
Highly respectful, supportive and professional working environment;
Monetary/non-monetary and social fringe benefits;
Opportunities for training, development and progression.
How to apply
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) SA
Rue Jean Monnet 8-10, 2180 Luxembourg, Luxemburg
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -