Jobs by email
Statista GmbH
(Senior) Platform Engineer (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to the Global No.1 Business Data Platform
With our high-end data platform and other various smart data analytic products and services, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions. Several of the most successful international companies and institutions trust Statista.
Founded in 2007 in Hamburg, we have quickly developed into a global company. In our 13 office locations, we employ over 1,100 colleagues from more than 70 nationalities.
In our international working environment, everyone is encouraged to contribute ideas to make Statista a special place to work.
Our culture, framed by clear goals and a supporting team, paves the way for us to stay a profitable, leading player in the market.
We look forward to having you be a part of our team!
  Your Team:
In our IT Operations team, we ensure that our employees have all the technical resources they need to be successful in their work. By providing services such as our IT helpdesk, the implementation of new systems, and network and hardware management, we make sure that our colleagues are well-equipped and able to work anywhere and anytime. 
Your Tasks
Further development of the global Statista Cloud platform
Close cooperation with the product teams
Enhancement of internal self-service tools
Automation and monitoring of the infrastructure
Extension of the deployment processes
Sharing knowledge with the teams
Your Profile
5+ years of professional experience in similar positions
Experience with cloud technologies (e.g., Amazon Web Services, GCP, Azure), serverless, and distributed systems
In-depth knowledge of Infrastructure as Code (e.g. Ansible, Terraform)
Active in OSS projects
Good understanding of the DevOps lifecycle
Experience in SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) desirable
Ideally experience with monitoring & logging systems
Good English & German language skills
Your Benefits
High level of autonomy
Great opportunities for personal growth and responsibility
Opportunity to grow quickly into mentor and/or leadership role
Professional development
Statista University - extensive training offer and individual coaching
Extensive offer in the field of health promotion
Dynamic, international team
A team-oriented transfer of know-how
office right in the city center
HVV Profi Card
Home Office & Flextime
Sabbatical
Visa Support
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Statista GmbH
Johannes-Brahms-Platz 1, 20355 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.