Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Developer Hardware Abstraction for Machine Learning (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As a Developer Hardware Abstraction for Machine Learning you optimize machine learning algorithms for automotive embedded hardware and you harvest the benefits of dedicated ML accelerator hardware.
Thanks to your experience you design and implement hardware abstraction layers for machine learning algorithms and a compiler framework for translating AI models to hardware-specific optimized models and code.
You closely work with AI developers and hardware experts and develop solutions for our overall build toolchain.
Last but not least you collaborate with multiple international teams across the world.
Your profile
Education: Master in computer science, mathematics, physics or related subjects
Personality and Working Practice: enthusiastic, self-motivated, persistent and responsible character, keen to share ideas, willing to drive things forward, not afraid to provide open and honest feedback and excited to work in a highly motivated team
Experience and Knowledge: excellent computer science and software engineering skills, especially with reference to digital hardware, compiler technology, and coding in C++ and Python, knowledge of machine learning algorithms as well as ML hardware accelerators with multiple years of practical experience in these fields, experience with hardware-aware neural architecture search and network compression as well as knowledge of automotive System-on-Chips (for example Nvidia, Renesas, TI) is a big plus
Languages: fluent in English and German (written and spoken)
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Burgenlandstraße 44, 70469 Stuttgart, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.