Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Network Engineer (w/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 11 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
Join our global team to help design, implement and operate our Global Backbone and the Bosch-owned Autonomous System at large-scale
Level-2 / Level-3 Support for our central hubs worldwide, on-call duty on occasion (remote)
Leverage the benefits of the public internet as a transport medium in our software-defined WAN activity
Work closely with our internal customers, partners and stakeholders (Contract Management, Corporate Governance, Security, etc.)
Initiate, manage and implement changes to our core infrastructure
Develop and Implement concepts for automated Provisioning and verification of changes
Your profile
Education: Completed university studies (bachelor's degree/diploma/PhD) in Information Technology or a comparable subject
Personality: Open minded, strong in communication, team player
Knowledge: Advanced knowledge in networking technologies (e.g. OSPF, BGP, MPLS, QoS) and in VPN technologies (e.g. IPSec, SSL, DMVPN, GetVPN)
Experience: with major hard- and software platforms from Cisco (IOS, NX-OS) and in software-driven networking (Python, Ansible, CI/CD, GIT)
Qualifications: Broad knowledge in basic network and security concepts and implementations (NAT, DNS, Proxies, Loadbalancers, ACLs, etc.). 
Languages: Good communication skills in written and spoken English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.