Jobs by email
DVS TECHNOLOGY AG
Cloud Platform Architect (m/w/d)
Aßlar
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 21 hours ago
Show salary
Save
The DVS TECHNOLOGY GROUP is a mechanical engineering association well-known companies with core competencies in the field of machining technologies Turning, gear cutting, grinding and gear honing. We employ over 1,400 employees worldwide and are one of the most internationally leading system providers for machines, tools, and production solutions for soft and hard machining especially of components of the drive train. More information about our group of companies can be found at www.dvs-technology.com.
We, the DVS Digital Unit drive the digital platform setup and digital service innovation of the DVS TECHNOLOGY GROUP. We are located in Aßlar, central Hessian with the best proximity to all DVS companies. Our mission is to create a platform for machine connectivity and data management to unleash the potential of digital connectivity, process digitization, and machine learning. 
We are looking for a Cloud Platform Architect to drive the software platform and architecture in the sphere of Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), Microservice Architectures, Middleware, and Cloud Services.
Your activities cover:
design and implement modern cloud software architectures and applications
research the latest technologies to build our platform and develop platform features
drive the growth of the DVS digital ecosystem across the DVS Connect customer portal and DVS Edge solutions
work on the vision to create a great cloud platform with a high degree of usability
be part of our agile team, and push your topics in an open, start-up-like environment
Ensure that the developed software is scalable and can run in the cloud as well as on our edge device
Ideally, you should have:
strong experience with Java and Spring-based software architectures
experience with cloud services such as Amazon Web Services (AWS)
agile mindset with an understanding of how to design strategies to deliver value early
interest in solving real-world problems in the manufacturing industry with a desire for deep involvement in all aspects, from solution design to actual implementation
working experience or a degree in computer science / relevant studies
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
DVS TECHNOLOGY AG
Industriestraße 3, 35614 Aßlar, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -