Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Embedded Engineer Hardware/Software (f/m/div.)
Reutlingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Reutlingen
Your tasks
As an Embedded Engineer you realize embedded AI pilot projects together with the Bosch business units.
Furthermore, you use modified series products and components of the shelf to realize demonstrators and prototype inclusive embedded software, algorithms, data acquisition and integration into the pipeline.
Moreover, you integrate machine learning models into the ecosystem of the target application together with domain and methodology experts.
You define, plan and conduct the data campaigns under laboratory and real-world conditions.
Last but not least, you advise a small team of engineers (prioritization of tasks, technical decisions, team speaker).
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in electrical engineering, computer science, physics or a comparable subject
Experience and Knowledge: ability to work in a broad field of technologies (embedded engineering, electronic and software development); good programming skills, especially in the embedded domain; several years of professional experience with the development of embedded systems (digital hardware, mixed-signal electronics, signal processing, software)
Personality and Working Practice: problem-solving, hands-on, self-motivated, open-minded, team player within distributed teams, provide guidance to less experienced colleagues
Languages: business fluent in written and spoken English, German is beneficial
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Tübinger Straße 123, 72770 Reutlingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.