Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
(Senior) Cloud Engineer (m/f/d) Security
Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries.
Join the MMS Cyber Security team in our quest to deliver world-class Cyber Security resilience in an international environment. Our team values a supportive atmosphere with a passion for developing, where you can earn recognition, trust, and loyalty by improving our Cyber Security state. At the same time, we put a specific emphasis on work-life balance, wellbeing, and the opportunity to operate in diverse and inclusive environment. To that extent, working hours can be split between on premise and work-from-home setup. 
Your tasks
Responsibility for development and improvement of the overall security infrastructure for Cloud platforms on Microsoft Azure and GCP
Coordination and monitoring of the cloud platforms on availability, security, and performance aspects 
Implementation of security controls for cloud-native SaaS platform 
Advisory support to various product teams leveraging in-depth technical knowledge to secure cloud workloads 
Support of Audit reviews and implementation of processes for security and compliance policies 
Proactive contribution to research and development of security solutions 
Promotion of global compliance norms and standard infrastructure services and solutions  
Collaborating and working with information security, network, and data processing specialists 
Requirements
Degree in Information Technology, Cybersecurity, or equivalent technical degree 
Relevant professional experience in working with GCP cloud computing concepts  
Deep knowledge of information security concepts, tools and frameworks, such as MITRE 
Expertise in container technologies, infrastructure-as-code, coding, identity and directory services  
Expertise in technical security topics like threat hunting and encryption technologies 
Extensive practical experience, ideally certified (Prisma™ Certified Cloud Security Engineer (PCCSE) Certification) with Paloalto Prisma™ Cloud 
Up to date on best practices and technologies  
Strong self-motivation, communications, organizational skills, and team orientation   
High level of analytical skills and creativity in solving complex problems  
Fluent in German and English
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. When you are ready to learn more about us, just drop us your application right below!
Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Ingolstadt, Deutschland