Jobs by email
KWS Group
Inhouse Consultant - Supply Chain (m/f/d)
Einbeck
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
About KWS
KWS is one of the world’s leading plant breeding companies. With the tradition of family ownership, KWS has operated independently for more than 165 years. It focuses on plant breeding and the production and sale of seed for corn, sugar beet, cereals, potato, rapeseed, sunflowers and vegetables. KWS uses leading-edge plant breeding methods. Around 6.000 employees represent KWS in more than 70 countries. 
Your tasks
Inhouse Consultant - Supply Chain (m/f/d)
 Would you like to contribute your strengths to large-scale strategic projects? Are you keen on managing and coordinating operational projects?
If so, we look forward to receiving your application as our new Inhouse Consultant - Supply Chain (m/f/d) at KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA. 
 In this function you will be our SAP expert (m/f/d) for the global logistic processes Order-to-Cash (OtC) as well as Purchase-to-Pay (PtP) in a competent team. You will manage and support international SAP projects and coordinate application support.  
Your new place of work is either at our HQ in Einbeck or at our Berlin-based site.
 This is a permanent position and available in full-time. Hybrid working is possible. 
 Your New Tasks:  
Ensure and deliver technical /specialized knowledge and specific solutions in SAP-S4HANA and ECC in the processes OtC and PtP.  
Consulting in the optimization of the above-mentioned supply chain processes including warehouse and transport processes 
Project management and project support  
Coordination of external service providers for SAP application development and customizing  
Control of the external AMS as change manager  
Your profile
Your Profile:  
Completed studies in business informatics, economics (focus: logistics), completed professional training in logistics environment or comparable
Relevant professional experience   
Proven knowledge in configuration / customizing modules MM and SD for S4/HANA / ECC S4HANA as well as in SAP modules: MM and SD, knowledge in SAP-ECC is welcome 
Desirable: project management skills (methodology and tools) 
Independent, proactive way of working  
Curiosity and eager to learn new things 
Good communication and organizational skills  
excellent customer and service orientation  
Willingness to travel
Excellent command of English (written and spoken); a good command of German is an additional asset
What we offer
Our Offer to you:
An exceptionally interesting and diverse job in an international environment with the opportunity to contribute innovative ideas.
Working in an international, highly motivated and dynamic team with flat hierarchies.
Flexible working hours with the possibility of mobile work.
As a family-run company we are guided by the values of closeness, reliability, foresight and independence; this culture is lived in practice and thus an open and friendly working atmosphere is created.
According to our slogan “Make yourself grow!”, we support employees’ professional and personal development.
We offer excellent work equipment (ergonomic workstations, multiple monitors, air conditioning).
We offer a company pension scheme, capital formation benefits, Christmas and holiday bonuses, childcare allowance and a job bike.
  We look forward to receiving your online application (cover letter, CV, certificates).
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.