Jobs by email
ZEISS
2nd Level Support Engineer Digital Products (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
   In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
   Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
   Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
   Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Join us and shape the software future of ophthalmology (diagnosis and treatment of eye disorders). It is our mission to contribute to the progress of medicine, enabling more efficient and cost-effective treatment workflows and providing access to high-quality medical care to as many people as possible.
Together we create ZEISS FORUM, a scalable and flexible ophthalmology data management and workflow solution. It streamlines practice workflows, provides access to patient examinations, and integrates seamlessly with existing IT and diagnostic instruments. To get a comprehensive understanding of ZEISS FORUM, you can access our product information online.
Your role
Provide 2nd Level service to 1st Level technicians from all Sales and Service Centers and global distributors and be responsible for managing escalations of complex topics from 1st Level
Perform remote support as well as onsite support for special issues, installations and customers
Provide technical support for the respective systems (either on the phone, remote or on-site)
Act as our service representative in respective engineering projects
Ihr Profil
A degree in Software Engineering or a comparable educational background combined with at least two years of experience in providing IT support, preferably in the healthcare area
Experience with Windows as operating system and general IT and Networking knowledge
Basic knowledge of DICOM, HL7 and SQL as well as in related databases (MySql or other RDBMS)
The ability to work in a team, a hands-on mentality and willingness to help solve our customers’ inquiries
English and preferably also German language skills
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Dogan Küncekli (recruiting.muenchen@zeiss.com)
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Tayfun Özen
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.