Jobs by email
Uniper
Data Manager (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
Our Operations & IT team in Düsseldorf is looking for YOU!
The ‘Data Manager' is responsible for delivering data-driven solutions, interfacing with business stakeholders (mainly Front Office and related functions) and also other teams within Data Management. You will be part of the 'Data Manager Community' of Data Delivery.
We are looking for an individual who can successfully translate, facilitate and implement the "what the internal customer wants" into "what the company needs".
This vital function is embedded into a high performing, international team with a clear focus on effectivity and efficiency.
Steer and deliver data-driven solutions with a team of business analysts, data analysts (reporting), data architects and data engineers
Manage multi-location teams consisting of internal and external colleagues
Close engagement mainly with finance business stakeholders and other business stakeholders (e.g. Risk management and Front-Office) to identify and engineer data requirements to deliver value to them
Manage operational (external) teams, which support our system landscape
Communicate and discuss requirements with stakeholders at all levels across the organization
Help to identify and design efficient IT-solution (Solution evaluation & recommendations)
Adopt and deliver change processes, esp. in agile working environment
Your profile
University degree in IT or related business discipline
Minimum of 3 to 5 years of experience in relevant positions
Experience in an (energy) trading organization which ideally includes financial/business controlling, risk management and regulatory reporting
Excellent business analysis skills with a strong analytical mind-set and the ability to manage complex dependencies in a structured and systematic way
Sound understanding of OE (operational excellence) or equivalent - Process excellence and continuous improvements should be embedded in personal ambition
Experience in agile and dynamic software and project delivery
Ability to support and deliver change (process, methods and technology) in a digital environment with high pace
Ability to facilitate teams to solve technical challenges, especially steering negotiations between multiple business and IT stakeholders
We are an international company with global reach. We expect fluent English, as this is our business language.
We offer
At Uniper we value a sustainable balance for the work done by our employees. Therefore, we offer extensive individual compensation packages consisting of a basic salary, a company pension and performance bonuses. At the same time we have flexible working hours including overtime compensation and working from home.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40221 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.