Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Working student in the area of further development of tool chain for vECU creation (f/m/div.)
Abstatt
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Engineering GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Part-Time
Joblocation: Abstatt
Your tasks
New approaches and tools for the creation of virtual ECUs in ADAS projects.
You will work on simulation topics in advanced driver assistance systems.
As part of an international team, you will support the development of automated tool chain.
Your creative ideas and solutions are very important for our projects.
You take over the responsibility for further development of python-based tools.
Furthermore, you improve our CI/CT pipeline to realize automated testing on virtual platforms.
Start: as soon as possible
Time: 6 months
Working hours: 10 or 15 hours per week
Your profile
Personality: You are a Team player.
Working Practice: Your "Hands-on" mindset, willingness to take over coding tasks, high level of initiative and strong team spirit characterizes you.
Experience and Knowledge: Information technology background, Object-oriented programming, Clean coding and experience in C++/Python.
Languages: Proficient skills in English (speaking and writing), German skills are appreciated.
Education: You study informatics or computer systems in engineering.
Prerequisite for the working student is the matriculation at a university. Please enclose with your application a current certificate of enrollment and, if applicable, a valid work and residence permit for Germany.
What we offer
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Allee 1, 74232 Abstatt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.