Jobs by email
ZEISS
Scrum Master (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You help the team to do their work in the best possible way
You analyze team processes, the compliance with team rules and the removal of barriers through pragmatic solutions
You enable the team towards self-organisation and coach in agile methods as well as in dealing with business deadlines and project risks
You actively support the team to improve themselves further, provide guidance and together implement best practices
You support the product owner to effectively define and manage the product backlog
You organize and moderate the agile team meetings including dailies, sprint plannings, reviews, backlog refinements and retrospectives
Ihr Profil
5+ years experience in product development
3+ years professional history as scrum master in a product development project (series production is a plus)
You have strong moderation skills and your passion is to work with people
You have a certificate in minimum one agile framework such as Scrum or SAFe
Independent, creative, and solution-oriented way of working
Fluency in English is a must, fluency in German beneficial
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Sabrina Rieker
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.