Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Customer Function Owner User Interaction Framework (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER000298B
Tasks
The Mercedes-Benz Group AG is one of the most successful automotive companies in the world. Together with Mercedes-Benz AG, the vehicle manufacturer is one of the largest providers of premium and luxury cars and vans. At Mercedes-Benz, we shape the automobile generations of the future.
We are a highly motivated team within the development of the UI software for MBUX, i.e. the part of the MBUX that provides our customers with the user interface. Our work is what our customers see and experience directly when they interact with MBUX and is therefore a formative part of the user experience in our vehicles. Specifically, our inhouse development team creates the "UIKit" - a software product providing basic elements of all things user interaction. Together with our colleagues from hardware departments who provide latest technology on displays, haptics, and steering wheel interaction elements, we provide application teams with APIs for processing input or triggering outputs. We work on the intersection of operating system, hardware, software, and user interaction concepts. The algorithms we design enable the best possible performance and resource usage.
All in all: We ensure, that customers worldwide can not only operate our vehicles, but that interaction with our cars is a fun and intuitive experience.
As the user interaction framework owner, you will be responsible for software modules that detect and process customer input via touch screens, input devices and speech, and controlling feedback to customers across UI, audio, or haptic modules.
What we offer:
The chance to actively influence how our customers will interact with their cars in future automotive generations
The opportunity to be responsible for software modules that reach millions of customers worldwide in their everyday life
A team that is looking forward to you and your ideas and contributions
These challenges await you:
Lead product development for user interaction framework
Defining, capturing, and maintain requirements
Define and drive feature roadmap
Organize and lead planning workshops, portfolio roadmap and prioritization review meetings, and cross functional alignment meetings
Manage contracted product scopes and plan budget
Plan and own your team’s roadmap, and help set strategic vision
Collaborate with other product owners and system product owners from adjacent teams
Integrate and align the product development cycles within car line projects
Ensure compliance with automotive and organizational development guidelines and standards
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
University degree or significant practical experience in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a comparable qualification
Hands-on expertise as Product Owner or Product Manager
Experience with requirements engineering
Proven negotiation skills on technical level
Experience with agile methodologies
Knowledge in software architecture for embedded systems is a plus
Proficient in English, German is a plus
Personal skills
Pronounced team spirit, well developed communication and team working abilities
High level of commitment, willingness to learn and quick comprehension
Personal initiative, commitment and resilience
Proven leadership and ownership
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting
Entrepreneurial attitude
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: SBV-Sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.