Jobs by email
Continental AG
Continental IT Graduate Program 2023 (Trainee)
Hannover
Entry level / trainee
Full Time
Published: 22 hours ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Job Description
You have what it takes to start a career in IT?
You want to be inspired and inspire others with your ideas?
You bring the motivation, skills, and passion?
That's great!
You have the talent. We have the opportunity.
The Continental IT Graduate Program aims at talented graduates who want to be part of a truly international team and are ready for a variety of challenges in relevant IT fields.
Continental offers university graduates the opportunity to join us on our journey of innovation. The two-year Continental IT Graduate Program will start on September 1, 2023. While your contract lists our headquarters Hanover, Germany as your home location, the Continental IT Graduate Program offers the opportunity to work in different locations within Germany and abroad.
The program provides you with a fast track into Continental’s IT and aims to equip you with highly innovative IT knowledge and skills to develop a successful, long-term career at Continental. As part of multicultural and high-performing teams, you will work on a broad variety of state-of-the-art IT solutions on a global level.
You will complete four six-month assignments in different Business Areas, IT departments and locations, of which one is abroad. These assignments will provide you with challenging projects and tasks to help prepare you for a successful professional future. You will be part of the team from Day 1 and have the chance to contribute and learn. Your on-the-job learning will be coupled with a series of specialized trainings, which will accelerate your personal and professional growth.
For more detailed information on the program check also our career website IT Graduate program
Qualifications
Bachelor or Master's degree in IT or Economics/Engineering/Natural Sciences majoring in IT
First practical experience
Excellent English language skills written and spoken
Eagerness to learn and take initiative
Flexibility to adapt to different working environments
Capability to communicate and collaborate with various stakeholders
Fresh minded, result-oriented, structured, and self-responsible working style
Passion for innovative IT technologies
Additional Information
What you can expect
Contributing to projects involving latest technologies
Wide range of possibilities for professional and personal growth
Being part of multicultural and international teams with an agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to set the direction of your career at a global player
Permanent work contract offered directly
Flexible working hours and the option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
You offer your talent? We offer you a stage.
We are looking forward to your online application. Please attach your CV in English, as well as respective university certificates and internship confirmations.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Vahrenwalder Straße 9, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -