Jobs by email
AGCO GmbH
Product Owner (m/f/x) Product Information Management
Marktoberdorf
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Fendt – A brand of the AGCO Corporation.
Our long-standing tradition and passion for agriculture make Fendt a strong brand. The Fendt brand has been part of the US global player since 1997.
Experience our global diversity and enterprising spirit. Let's work together to bring a positive change to agriculture and help us develop innovative technologies that will support us in mastering new challenges such as the world’s growing population in the coming years. Help us shape the agriculture of tomorrow and become part of our team.
For our IT Team at our bavarian location Marktoberdorf we are looking for a 
Product Owner (m/f/x) Product Information Management (limited contract)
(Ref. 94027)
In our ONE Digital team, you will be revolutionizing agriculture with us and help to feed the world sustainably. In a dialogue with our customers and partners, we strive to master the digital transformation in agriculture with a holistic approach. With us, you will directly influence the next generation of Smart Farming solutions. Look forward to exciting, innovative technologies and an agile set-up, with interfaces to all AGCO brands and a varied range of areas. As a global team, consisting of employees from six countries, you will work with dedicated colleagues on the future of agriculture.
The Product Owner (PO) is one of the key operational roles within a digital product team. The PO is responsible for maximizing the value delivered by the team and ensuring that the Team Backlog is aligned with customer and stakeholder needs. As a member of the extended Product Management function, the PO is the team’s primary customer advocate and primary link to business and technology strategy. This enables the team to balance the needs of multiple stakeholders while continuously evolving the Solution.
The PO has a significant role in quality control and is the only team member empowered to accept stories as done.
What you will do
Own prioritization of product backlog to be continually aligned to business value
Owns User Story planning, writing and refinement
Leads backlog grooming to decompose, estimate and refine stories with other product teams
Leadership and active participation for agile ceremonies such as Product Increment Planning, Sprint Planning, Refinements, Sprint Reviews and Retrospectives
Organize sequence of work by collaborating with other product owners to identify dependencies and refine enabler stories
Contribute to the success of each sprint and make sure the team understands the roadmap and goals at the beginning of every sprint
Inspect product progress and have authority to accept or reject work done on user story level according to the definition of ready and definition of done
What you will bring
Bachelors or Masters degree in computer science, IT, engineering or equivalent education
At least 7 years of professional experience in Digital IT or Product Management
Knowledge of agile methods (e.g. SAFe) is an advantage
Expert in advanced writing, verbal and other presentation skills
Very good written and spoken English
Strong communication/interpersonal skills, capable of interacting with multiple levels of digital solutions and business management
A Plus If You Have
Hands-on experience, working with Product Information Management solutions
Detailed knowledge of the following:
Digital solutions in the agriculture or other engineering industries
Agile way of working
Structural and conceptual problem-solving capabilities
Good working knowledge of the following:
Cross multiple business functional domains and solid skills to navigate organizational structure, politics and processes
Product perspectives, both regionally and globally
Linking project objectives, scope, etc. to enterprise strategy
Expert knowledge in opportunity and business case development, business process re-engineering, organizational change management, transition planning, system development lifecycles, program/project management and fielding of business applications in a large scale enterprise with complex organizational and IT structures
Who You Are
Successfully influences diverse groups and teams in a complex, ambiguous and rapidly changing environment to deliver value-added solutions
Able to synthesize complex topics into meaningful information and prepare materials appropriate for senior level communications.
Expert knowledge in conceptually creating and driving digital solutions on a regional and global scale in a multi-brand environment
What we offer
We welcome you to our appreciative, open corporate culture – with a great team spirit and good work atmosphere. We offer attractive, fair remuneration, with additional insurance and pension schemes. We attach great importance to supporting you in your individual work-life balance – your health is important to us. As part of our Corporate Health Management, you will benefit from intensive company medical care, advice on social matters, numerous sports programs, and much more. Your ideas and your personal and professional development are important to us. We look forward to developing your full potential together with you and shaping the future of sustainable agriculture.
Did we spark your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
AGCO GmbH
Johann-Georg-Fendt-Straße 4, 87616 Marktoberdorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -