Jobs by email
SoftwareONE Deutschland GmbH
(Senior) Consultant (gn) – ITAM
Wallisellen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Why SoftwareONE?
    SoftwareONE is in the middle of an exciting transformation journey becoming one of the fastest-growing global platform, solution, and technology service providers. Combining this with our legacy of being a trusted partner to >65,000 customers globally, means that our growth is only just beginning!
  Join the SoftwareONE IT Asset Management (ITAM) team and work with a talented group of consultants building out next generation Software Asset Management (SAM) solutions for our customers. This team is responsible for advisory, design, implementation and delivery.
  (Senior) Consultant (gn) ITAM
pensum: full-time, perm
location: Switzerland
The role
Working in a team environment, you will be responsible for providing consulting services around SAM Tools. The Consultant will be responsible for providing SAM services and deliver a first class advisory of our services designed to meet customers’ business needs.
  The primary focus is to plan, design, implement and operate SAM solutions for on prem as well as cloud Software.
  Leading the implementation and operation of small, mid and large multi-national Managed Services within and across countries
Analyse client’s situation and design the best solutions for it
Create & establish SAM concepts & processes
Establish continuous service improvements
Ensure fulfilment of SLA’s and KPI’s
Creation of deliverables like Software License Balances, Business Health Checks etc.
Leading and participate workshops to different audiences in English and German language, adjust to the target audience and tailor the key message accordingly.
Closely collaborates with other Teams, service practices and our global service centers
Compliance & Governance consulting for on-premise and cloud software to our customers
Be an advocate/consultant for our clients to implement SAM as an integrated practice
What we need to see from you
Due to customer requirements you have to be based in either Switzerland, Austria or the South of Germany
3+ years Software Asset Management (SAM) experience
Expert consulting skills - be able to consult different Stakeholders in all structural levels in the wide space of Software Asset Management
Project and Service management skills, including leading large projects content wise, leading distributed project teams with different cultural and language backgrounds
Very good analytical skills
Quick learner who has professional experience in delivering manged services to customers
Experience in Software volume licensing (Microsoft) - would be a plus
Experience in SAM Tools like FNMS, SNOW, Spider etc. - would be a plus
  Bachelor’s degree or similar higher education in IT, business economics or a related discipline
Project management method certification (i.e.,IPMA, Prince2, PMP) would be a plus
ITIL certification or similar would be a plus
SAM Tool certification would be a plus
Fluent in English and German (written and spoken) French would be a plus
  What we have to offer
Lived corporate values for an appreciative and supportive working atmosphere
A global working environment with a strong focus on diversity and inclusion that enables you to work with people of different cultures from all around the world
An excellent work-life balance, including flexible working times and remote working options wherever possible
A unique SoftwareONE working culture where we celebrate our success, that includes company parties, team events and social events 
Corporate benefits such as shopping discounts, company pension plan, employee share purchase program, etc. as per local country policies and guidelines
Further training support (grants, language training or special leave days)
and many more...
* benefits may vary (depending on country)
    Have we piqued your interest?
  If yes, we are looking forward to your application, including information on your availability (notice period) and salary expectations. Please use our online form to apply.
    Not the right fit?
  ... you can still choose between two further options:
Have a look at our website and join our Talent Community in order to receive information on future opportunities.
You know someone who is even better suited for this job? Then feel free to use our referral program: Send us the application of your contact and receive a cash bonus if your referral is successful. (You can find more information about our program ConnectONE here).#LI-MK1 #LI-remote
  You need more information?
                   Some of our initiatives:
Job Function
Software & Cloud Services
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
SoftwareONE Deutschland GmbH
Neue Winterthurerstrasse 82, 8304 Wallisellen, Schweiz
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.