Jobs by email
Schleich GmbH
Global Master Data Manager (d/f/m)
München, Schwäbisch Gmünd, Prag
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Want your story to be part of our story?
When children take charming schleich® figures and playsets into their hands, they embark on adventures into wonderful fantasy worlds. Every dinosaur, every elephant, and every fairy is the beginning of an exciting new story. Our vision: Shaping storytellers for life. And your story starts right here.
Let's be inspired together by the joy of storytelling, while also continuing to tell the story of Schleich – and its journey from traditional toy manufacturer to a globally loved brand. Be part of our amazing transformation story.
We will support you, give you ownership, and the opportunity to work internationally and digitally in a dynamic environment. Let's take on and master all the challenges that lie in store for us. Take the opportunity to grow with us and achieve something tangible.
Working at Schleich. Make your mark.
Global Master Data Manager (d/f/m)
preferably in Munich or Schwäbisch Gmünd (hybrid). Working from Poland, London, Barcelona, Prague and Lyon possible with regular willingness to travel to Germany
You play a crucial role in shaping the future of Master Data management and actively contribute the success of our digital business processes at Schleich. In this challenging function, you will help our businesses units to increase the required quality of master data in our ERP systems (mainly SAP ECC6) and all consuming (sub)-Systems of our enterprise IT landscape. You will mainly improve the current business process operation, as well as supporting the design of future master data governance for planned initiatives like a CRM or S/4HANA Project.
The following adventures await you at Schleich:
You leverage data tools to perform data integrity checks and cleansing, identify, correct or update data discrepancies, duplicates, and dated records of all dimensions of material-, customer- and vendor master
You provide support in resolving data quality problems with subject matter experts of all business units globally
You drive master data projects, key group programs and work in cross-functional teams with all Schleich business units
You design, create and maintain BOMs (bill of materials) in close coordination with product development, planning and the operational teams
You maintain and improve – as leading coordinative function - the master data lifecycle and change management process
You establish a collaboration framework and KPIs to track the progress of master data services within the global organization
You are responsible for (re)-evaluation master data needs from the business to implement data standards
You consult projects' teams with master data expertise and provide your technical capabilities for e.g. mass down- and uploads in SAP
You are responsible for master data activities as well as central contact persons to steer external cleansing agency support
You write instructions, standards, and training material for SAP key-users
Your story so far:
Successfully completed studies, preferably business informatics, information technology or a technical education in informatics, paired with a passion for master data and data quality
Strong communication skills and the ability to communicate between different stakeholder groups from technology to business
Some years of professional experience as Master Data Manager in Sales and/or Supply Chain business
Experienced in the modules of SAP MM, SD or WM with focus on master data
Experience in SAP MDG is a plus
Good knowledge and understanding of common business processes (preferable FMCG industry) and their implementation in MDM systems
Very good analytical and Excel skills is a must
Very accurate working method as a team player
Good in English skills, German is plus
No kingdoms nor mountains of gold, but many other rewards:
No two days are the same in this career like no other. Work in a dynamic, diverse environment that offers individual career and development opportunities. All our employees also have access to numerous online courses via our training platform.
Let's write the Schleich story together. Be part of a motivated team of people who support and inspire each other and celebrate success together.
We aim to please. We offer an attractive, fair salary with additional benefits that are regularly reviewed and updated.
Appetising. Depending on the location, you will receive a food allowance of up to EUR75.00 net per month. Our Schwäbisch Gmünd site also has a subsidised canteen. 
Every hero must retire one day. That's why we offer a subsidised pension scheme. 
You can also enjoy great discounts on our schleich® products - a great bonus for kids and adults alike.
Speaking of savings, we'll also subsidise your bicycle lease to make it easier for you to travel to our beautiful offices in Munich or Schwäbisch Gmünd.
And what about your adventures outside of Schleich? You can count on 30 days of paid leave per year and a hybrid working model with no core working hours.
Would you like to play a part in our story?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €