Jobs by email
ALPS ALPINE EUROPE GmbH
RF System Engineer (m/f/d)
Unterschleißheim near Munich
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
PERFECTING THE ART OF ELECTRONICS
The ALPS ALPINE EUROPE GmbH belongs to the Japanese ALPSALPINE CO. LTD. established in 1948. Our philosophy is “Perfecting the Art of Electronics” – hence ALPS ALPINE CO. LTD. is one of the biggest independent global manufacturers of high-quality electronic and electro-mechanical components for vehicles, mobile devices, home electronics and industrial equipment. Our European Head Office in Unterschleissheim near Munich co-ordinates the sales, marketing and product engineering activities of our offices in Dusseldorf, Stuttgart, Wolfsburg, Paris, Milton Keynes, Coventry, Gothenburg, Frölunda and Milan, as well as the production in our manufacturing site in Dortmund. Our customers are automakers, TIER1 suppliers and other global players. ALPS ALPINE CO. LTD counts around 42.000 employees worldwide and at present about 740 employees are working for ALPS ALPINE EUROPE GmbH.
To strengthen our team at our location in Unterschleißheim near Munich, we are looking for an RF System Engineer (m/f/d) for professional IoT solutions with immediate effect.
Your challenges
Take over responsibility as a lead system designer and concept architect especially in the area of RF-circuit design for professional logistics tracking devices for our international top-brand customers
A major role in our team concerning key component selection, specification and cooperation directly with major semiconductor manufacturers on transceivers and other RF- and analog components
Responsible for antenna design or selection, antenna matching, EMC/ EMI/ RF-performance optimization
Cooperation with other team members on the power supply unit design
Interacting with well-known customers, third party component providers, the local hardware development team members, the certification engineers and overall device project management
Responsilble for hands on design of mock-up and early PoC samples across Field Testing and mass production design and validation
Your profile
Bachelor's, Master's or PhD degree in Telecommunication Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics or equivalent
Experience in formal development processes and an understanding of professional industrial product requirements and solutions, a record of mass-produced RF designs
Several years of professional experience in radio frequency-based analog electronics hardware design, certification and testing for mass production goods
Advanced knowledge of major ETSI and FCC radio certification standards in the Subgiga, 2.4GHz and Cellular (NB-IoT)
Fundamental experience in CST is mandatory and experience with Optenni Lab would be advantageous
Relevant experience in LP-WAN and other IoT RF technologies such as BLE, Wi-Fi and GNSS is a major plus
Excellent conceptual and planning skills with joy to work with other professionals, interpersonal skills from several years of working in actual mass production development projects
A flexible approach to work, proficient English language skills and experience in collaboration as part of international, multi-cultural teams
Our offer
The high standards which build the guideline for ourselves as well as for the quality of our products are also set for our employees. Nevertheless, demand and support go “hand in hand” at ALPS ALPINE and we always appreciate our colleagues’ commitment and passion! This is why we offer numerous benefits alongside attractive salaries. In order to balance job and private life we introduced “trusted working hours”, which allow employees to set up daily life more flexible. In addition to that our employees are granted 30 days of vacation. In order to support our employees in the best way, we take care of professional structured onboardings as well as goal-oriented development trainings on a regular basis. In the long run, it is important to us to offer a perspective for the future. This is why we finance a company pension scheme. Being a caring employer, our 24/7 accident insurance covers all our employees before, during and after work. Find out more about additional benefits in our company profile.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €