Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Robotics DevOps Engineer (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
The Bosch Corporate Research team in Renningen is performing research and development on algorithms as well as fully integrated systems for mobile robots in various application domains. You will be able to take responsibility in the complete creation process and contribute from the innovation idea to the physical robotic system.
In this context, you will work on creating and improving state-of-the-art DevOps environments and software development practices for novel robotics research applications. You will be part of our research team and advance the-state-of the-art in the field of DevOps for robotics to develop the next generation of our robotic products.
The Renningen research campus features excellent lab facilities for robotics and automated driving research as well as leisure areas and space to innovate.
As a part of our team, you will write as well as improve the software for an end-to-end development and deployment process, from the source code to a moving robot.
You take responsibility for the DevOps process and development methods and develop novel ideas, realization, testing and assessment of on-premise as well as cloud-based solutions to fulfill research ideas or customer demands in robotics.
Last but not least, you contribute to robotics software written in advanced C++ / Python and ROS as well as to our robotic systems.
Your profile
Education: excellent university degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or comparable
Experience: outstanding knowledge of DevOps practices and concrete tools for continuous integration, deployment and testing for robotics, experience with applying DevOps to software for autonomous physical systems such as robots
Know-how: excellent coding skills in C++, proficiency in Linux usage and administration, knowledge of work with state-of-the-art robotics algorithms, presentation skills, experience with ROS is a plus
Personality and Working Practice: team player, convincing personality, commited, communicative, problem solving skills as well as able to learn and adapt quickly
Languages: fluent in English, German is a plus
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.