Jobs by email
BMW Group
Android Software Developer UI/UX (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Development Digital Car team in München is currently seeking a
Android Software Developer UI/UX (f/m/x)
Tasks
NEW SOLUTIONS EMERGE WHEN THINKING ISN'T HARD-WIRED.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
More than 90% of automotive innovations are based on electronics and software. That's why creative freedom and lateral thinking are so important in the pursuit of truly new solutions. Naturally, this includes flexible working models, so that our IT specialists are free to go in unconventional directions.
We develop the UI for upcoming infotainment systems of the BMW Group, our focus is vehicle functions.
What awaits you?
You will be working in an agile team of developers and UI experts to develop infotainment applications which visualize and control vehicle functions.
Designing and implementing components, Custom View development, (Vehicle) APIs and UIs will be part of your job.
Furthermore, you analyze and solve technical problems within the team and together with our partners in other departments.
You will develop a modern Kotlin / Java / C++ code base using today's best software tools and practices like Git, code review, automated testing, and CI.
You will write code and automated tests (MockK, Espresso).
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in Computer Science or a comparable study.
Several years of Android (App) development experience in Kotlin; knowledge in C++ and Java programming of advantage.
In-depth understanding of object-oriented software development.
Familiarity with AOSP or experience with Android Automotive is a plus.
Expertise in CI and test automatization as well as software quality practices (e.g. code reviews).
Familiarity with agile processes and development.
Business-fluent English, German would be an advantage.
You enjoy working in a cross functional team and are passionate about developing integral components of our infotainment system? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 90694
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.