Jobs by email
Statista GmbH
Team Lead IT Project Management (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Einleitung
 At Statista, we’re all about facts and data, for we are the world's leading business data platform. By providing reliable and easy-to-use data as well as various data analytics products and services, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions.
Founded in Hamburg in 2007, we have quickly grown into a global company with offices in major cities such as London, New York, and Tokyo. And we still have a lot of plans. Our constant growth does not only prove our success, but also keeps creating new development and career opportunities for our employees. Are you ready to join us?
 YOUR TEAM
Who you will be working with
You will be part of Product & IT . We are the central product development department and responsible for providing our customers worldwide with a reliable and inspiring product at all times. We conceive, design, develop and operate the entire statista.com platform and continue to develop it - together and on an equal footing, also with the other departments. In addition, we ensure that our employees have all the necessary technical resources at their disposal. We're proud of our solid tech stack ( https://stackshare.io/statista/statista ) that powers the world's leading B2B business data platform.
Ihre Aufgaben
  Lead the Business Development- team within the Product & IT organization. 
Provide functional leadership and mentoring of the Business Development-team in establishing methodological expertise. Coordinate initiatives that span one or multiple teams and lines of business.
Ensure transparent steering by monitoring of budgets, resource allocation, timelines, and other key metrics to ensure project milestones are met. 
Continuous performance monitoring of actions and recommended actions.
Managing of and communicating to internal and external stakeholders.
Find opportunities for collaborations and lead them to success. 
Conduct analyses based on different resources, tools, and data formats.
Continuously improve internal processes and the divisions project management methodology with a high degree of freedom to implement own ideas and best-practices.
Ihr Profil
4+ years professional experience in a project management role, ideally with a background in business consulting or another high-profile project based working environment.
Experience in leadership role is considered a plus.
High degree of initiative and quality awareness as well as an a hands-on and team-oriented way of working.
Organizational multi-tasker with experience in multi project management
Strong familiarity with project management software tools, MS Office, methodologies, and best practices.
Proven ability to solve problems creatively.
Excellent analytical skills and understanding of business requirements with an affinity for evidence based and analytical thinking.
Gifted communicator with strong interpersonal skills and high resourcefulness 
Excellent written and spoken German and English language skills.  
  Wir bieten
  Latetst hardware 
Participation in conferences 
High level of autonomy 
Great opportunities for personal growth and responsibility 
Statista University - extensive training offer and individual coaching 
Extensive offer in the field of health promotion 
Dynamic International team 
A team-oriented transfer of know-how 
Located directly within Hamburg’s city center 
HVV Profi Ticket 
Retirement savings plan 
Home Office & Flextime 
Visa Support 
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Statista GmbH
Johannes-Brahms-Platz 1, 20355 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.