Jobs by email
Continental AG
Quality Manager Digitalization & Data Science (m/f/diverse) REF9291A - Part Time applications welcome!
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary. With its premium portfolio in the car, truck, bus, two-wheel and specialty tire segment, the Tires group sector stands for innovative solutions in tire technology. Intelligent products and services related to tires and the promotion of sustainability complete the product portfolio. For specialist dealers and fleet management, Tires offers digital tire monitoring and tire management systems, in addition to other services, with the aim of keeping fleets mobile and increasing their efficiency. With its tires, Continental makes a significant contribution to safe, efficient and environmentally friendly mobility.
Job Description
In this function you are responsible to enhance our capabilities in data-driven decision-making processes througout the Conti Tire organization.
With your deep knowledge you will provide consultancy, coaching and training in Quality Management Tires with the goal to drive digitalization in our strategy,  our projects and our initiatives
You bring the ability to perform descriptive analysis based on big data, create prediction models and identify improvement opportunities
Furthermore you are responsible to initiate, lead or participate in digitalization and data science projects
Qualifications
University degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Informatics or comparable
Several years of professional experience in data science, data analytics or similar fields, preferably in the Tire or Automotive industry
Knowledge about Quality Management is beneficial
Furthermore, you have experience in working with:
Functional and/or statistical programming languages (e.g. Python, R or comparable)
Software architectures (Container, CI/CD, Databases, Streaming, APIs, Cloud)
Data management processes (ERM, OLAP)
Data visualization (Shiny, Dash, Bi tools etc.)
AI frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow etc.) and ML methods
Ideally you bring know-how about Quality Management System Standards like ISO 9001, IATF 16949, VDA 6.1/6.3) and about project and process management methods
Fluent English language skills (written and spoken), German language skills are beneficial
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits. 
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Jädekamp, 30419 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -