Jobs by email
Birkenstock Group B.V. & Co. KG
Global Master Data Manager (f/m/d)
Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
  BIRKENSTOCK is a global lifestyle brand that stands for quality, function and all-round well-being. The historic roots of this long-standing family-run company can be traced back to the year 1774.  Nowadays, the product portfolio comprises sandals and closed shoes, accessories, natural cosmetics as well as beds and sleep systems. With more than 5,500 employees, BIRKENSTOCK is the German shoe industry’s largest employer. BIRKENSTOCK has 16 locations in Germany, with privately owned distribution companies in Europe, Asia and the USA.
    To help us achieve our goals at our location in Cologne, we are looking for a
  Global Master Data Manager (f/m/d)
In order to support our digitalization and transformation strategy, we are establishing a new business function for the Global Master Data Management. The team is integrated within the product organization and directly reports to the Director Business Development & Transformation.
YOUR TASKS:
Support the design and establishment of a company-wide master data framework: master data governance, organization, processes, systems & tools
Work closely with business stakeholders to coordinate and document master data needs & to create suitable end-to-end concepts / data models
Understand business relevance of existing & new data requirements and ensure proper implementation across systems (e.g., PLM, SAP, PIM, CRM, etc.)
Solve operational issues by analyzing the root causes and implementing solutions based on the master data framework
Steer and facilitate solutions in case of conflicting interests between business functions (e.g., unclear definitions, responsibilities, use of attributes, etc.)
Define data standards and KPIs to secure a high data quality across related functions and systems
Create data reports and conduct master data audits regularly 
YOUR PROFILE:
Completed business or IT related degree
Several years of work experience related to master data management, ideally in a producing company
Founded experience in the conception and implementation of complex projects
Fit in MDM tools (e.g., SAP, PLM, CRM) and in MS Office
Excellent networking and communication skills
Passion for data and numbers and an ability to lead cross-functional initiatives / projects
Fluent command of English, German is an advantage
Willingness to travel on occasion
WE OFFER:
BIRKENSTOCK offers you all the advantages of a successful, fast growing, global company: dynamic work environment, considerable design freedom, authentic and open corporate culture and excellent development opportunities.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Birkenstock Group B.V. & Co. KG
50678 Köln, Deutschland