Jobs by email
ZEISS
Digital Operations Specialist IAM (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will be a core member of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Data Strategy Team
You will be drive the rolling out strategy and target operating model of the Identity and Access management (IAM), ensuring effectiveness in setting up and using IAM solution across the organization
Define and lead the roll-out process for IAM solution cross applications and sales & service companies
Coordinate with application owners and other stakeholders to optimize the operations process and implementation
Design training and onboarding plans for IAM solution cross multiple applications; ensure training plan up to date with new features and enhancement of the IAM system
Provide guidance for business units in setting-up and scaling digital solutions using IAM tech stack in countries that are new to digital products
Collaborate with Product Owner IAM in deriving services requests and incident’s root causes into features and change requests to shape the long term vision of IAM roadmap
Ihr Profil
Degree in computer science, business, engineering or related discipline
Multiple years of experience working with digital products as roll-out / operations / training or similar function; ideally within international and matrix corporation with global products
Experience in working with B2B software solutions which are integrated into a wide range of client applications
Ability to collaborate productively with a wide range of stakeholders and products
Having a customer-centric mindset and great attention to details, willing to get your hand “dirty” to find solutions
Business fluent English
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Steffen Volk
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.