Jobs by email
Riverty
(Senior) Full-Stack Developer Fintech Innovation (m/f/d)
Berlin, Verl, Stockholm, Oslo
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Über uns
A world where business meets the needs of humanity. Where financial technology makes a difference. Where everyone is in control of their own financial story. At Riverty, we're building it, together. A team of more than 5,000 experts in 13 countries, we're finding smarter, simpler, seamlessly connected ways to manage money. From flexible payments to smarter accounting and debt collection, our holistic solutions empower everyone to live their best financial lives. It's time to enter a new era of economic freedom.
Everything we do, starts with you.
Together with you, we build the most human-centric fintech. We have the ambition to create the next. And - with Bertelsmann - a strong foundation to start from. Let's make it new - for society and for yourself.
We are looking for a
(Senior) Full-Stack Developer Fintech Innovation (m/f/d)
(unlimited) full-time at Berlin, Verl, Stockholm or Oslo and 80% Mobile Office
What would you create if you had all freedom? Creating "The next" drives the Tech Innovation Team.
We are looking for a tech visionary, curious and bold enough to disrupt the fintech scene. Together with your team of two experts, you will develop new business models and internal startups. Your focus is the technical evaluation, design and implementation of new product ideas.
Aufgaben
You will be part of the tech innovation team working closely with the venture & product development team
You will develop amazing new products in the area of New Mobility, Personal Finance & Web3 together with internal & external development partners ensuring quality of delivery
Your responsibilities includes activities such as proof-of-concept application development, prototyping, DevOps, cloud deployment and database integration
You will conduct technical feasibility checks and design technical solutions for complex business problems, e.g. new features and partner integrations
You will actively drive architectural discussions like selecting the appropriate tech stack for new products together with our Enterprise Architects and other stakeholders
You will research and act as technical expert for new technologies like Blockchain Web3 or AI
Profil
You have a degree in computer science or business informatics or comparable education
You have min. 5 years of professional software development experience in
Back-end development and architecture design
UI development, prototyping in web and mobile applications, ideally with multiple frameworks like Angular, Flutter or React Native
Databases and cloud technologies and services, ideally Microsoft Azure
Build-pipelines, source code repositories and operating environments
You are a developer at heart, who enjoys pioneering and are driven to learn new technologies and business domains
You are strong in communication and are able to work independently in a dynamic, international environment
Ability to work independently and be eager to stretch your capabilities toward new technologies and business domains
Wir bieten
At Riverty, we offer you modern workplace models with 80% Mobile Office globally. For more flexibility and freedom.
With us, life balance is not just something we claim, but something we live, and you can do the same in many European countries where we are operating. Riverty helps you to arrange your working life in the way that suits you best. Big city or small town? You can choose to work remotely and still stay connected with your team virtually. And if it gets too quiet at home, you can just drop by our tech hubs in Berlin and Tallinn, or any of our 13 locations across Europe.
At Riverty, we are as diverse as society itself. We have great people from more than 25 different countries around the world - creating the most human-centric fintech together. With us, you can be who you are.
Culture? Easy: Open and at eye level, trust instead of dislike, cooperation instead of lone warriors. You will work in cross-functional, agile, dynamic teams with a start-up spirit. At the same time, you will benefit from all the opportunities within the Bertelsmann Group.
Take time for yourself and your health. With sports and leisure activities we support your wellbeing.
We want to grow together. With trainings from the Riverty Academy and individual training opportunities we support your development.
Because we appreciate what you do. For us. For our customers. Check our many employee discounts. To sweeten your everyday life.
More information on riverty.com/careers. Are you already convinced? Then we look forward to receiving your online application - with just a few clicks.
We look forward to applications from candidates who contribute to the diversity of our company. We relate diversity in particular to the dimensions of cultural or social origin, religion, age, disability, gender and sexual identity.
Company: Riverty Group GmbH
Country: Deutschland
State/Region: Nordrhein-Westfalen
City: Berlin, Verl, Stockholm or Oslo
Postal Code: 33415
Job ID: 249237
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Certificates