Jobs by email
ZEISS
Connectivity, Network and Security Specialist (f/m/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
facilitate novel cloud-based applications creating value for doctors and patients in microsurgery
enable secure data transfer between medical devices in hospitals and medical software in the cloud
understand hospital IT networks and tailor solutions to fit to the hospitals’ needs
develop and evaluate architecture concepts for the implementation of latest secure connectivity features for ZEISS medical device-to-cloud services
present and implement concepts and solutions and align them with the team and relevant stakeholders
actively monitor changes in technology and regulations of IT networks and IT security
troubleshoot the medical device-to-cloud interfaces and develop solution approaches that continuously improve connected features
Ihr Profil
deep knowledge regarding device-to-cloud connectivity including edge devices and certificate-based node authentication
know-how in secure IT network design and operation
ideally first-hand experience with IT networks in hospitals
high attention to cybersecurity and data privacy
high affinity for IoT, apps, digital multimedia products, video streaming - preferably in the clinical environment
tech skills: Docker, nginx, LXC, Linux, (Open)SSL, traffic routing, general network architecture
experience in project management in the area of IT networks and/or medical devices
practice with agile methods and tools (e.g. Scrum, Design Thinking, etc.)
enjoyment of working in a dynamic environment and learning something new every day
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Celine Gianotti, Kate Campbell
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.