Jobs by email
sovanta AG
(Senior) Software Developer* Angular
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Become part of our team! Apply now as
(Senior) Software Developer* Angular
sovanta AG optimizes the use of SAP with the help of software development, UX design and artificial intelligence.
As a (Senior) Software Developer* Angular, your goal is to help design innovative UIs based on Angular. You are also ready to take on responsibility and dare to take on exciting challenges. Do you have experience and are you waiting for your chance to sustainably improve user experience in diverse and innovative customer projects? We give you the opportunity!
*We focus on talent, not gender
Your tasks at sovanta
As an experienced software developer* you are responsible for the technical management of innovative projects
You develop technical concepts and frontend architectures
You coordinate closely with the customer and project management for the recording of customer-specific requirements and implement these together with your colleagues*
As an experienced team player* you guide your colleagues* and provide them with advice and support
Last but not least, you also coordinate our international project team
What we are looking for
You have several years of professional experience in development with Angular and TypeScript
You are enthusiastic about applying modern design patterns and paradigms in frontend development (Redux, reactive programming)
You are also particularly interested in modular and reuse-oriented architectures (e.g. Web Components, Microfrontends)
You are always up-to-date when it comes to the application of current security standards
You are familiar with the connection of backend APIs (e.g. REST, OData, GraphQL)
Ideally, you have know-how in dealing with design systems and component libraries (e.g. Angular Material)
Your focus is always on customer-oriented actions and thinking
Good German and English skills complete your profile
Our offer
Pure flexibility – our remote work policy allows you to work in the office, from home, in the mountains or by the sea, as it suits you best
We work independently, agilely and in interdisciplinary teams
With us, you will develop yourself further: mastering new challenges as part of a team, working with latest technologies and individual training - we will help you advance in your career
Your mentor* is by your side from the beginning and your constant contact person*
Onboarding helps you to find your way around soon. You will quickly get to know other sovantees at the welcome lunch
We offer you what your tech heart desires – choose your hardware according to your wishes
We live from a close exchange of ideas and we attach great importance to our regular knowledge sharing sessions and unit meetings
Summer parties, X-mas party or lunch roulette – company events of the finest are waiting for you, let us surprise you!
Take advantage of our super modern offices with an innovative space concept in a central location and meet your colleagues*. Creative and team zones, focus areas, coffee corners, design thinking areas and much more are waiting for you
Free parking is available in Heidelberg and Hamburg City, and you can also take advantage of the discounted Job-Ticket or lease a company bike, which is supported by sovanta on a monthly basis
We take care of you: Take part in our Health Days and collect valuable tips for a healthier everyday life. You get simplified access to occupational disability insurance and, of course, a subsidy for retirement provision
Become part of the sovanta family – our great team is waiting to welcome you soon!
Sounds interesting?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
sovanta AG
Mittermaierstraße 31, 69115 Heidelberg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -