Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Product Owner Value Stream Quality (all genders)-In Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V677
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
MBition is bringing the automotive industry into the future by building a new generation of infotainment platform that is reusable and hardware agnostic, as well as its implementation into our actual car lines. By implementing interfaces that future drivers will engage with, from sitting in their cars, planning their journey to choosing their favorite music and many more. 
To fuel this mission, we are looking for ambitious, enthusiastic, and driven minds to help build state-of-the-art software that pushes our innovation further. 
As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG that has been perfecting the art of moving people, products, and services from point A to point B, for more than 120 years. With an international team of over 700 Employees, who value quality, creativity and believe in teamwork. Together we create passionate technology on exciting topics that include navigation, infotainment systems, location-based services, user experience and interaction. Let’s shape the future! 
Software Factory is a department at MBition, and we provide a large-scale CI/CD platform, being the backbone used to develop the whole Infotainment Platform, the car's Electronic Control Units and many other products, which together are the core of Mercedes-Benz cars. Software Factory is more than just a CI/CD environment. It provides standardization but is also flexible enough to cater for many different needs of a software project lifecycle in the context of the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) 
With the Software Factory, we continuously develop, integrate, deliver, and deploy the mobility experience of the future to provide our end-users a digital luxury experience. 
As Product Owner in the Software Factory (SwF) you will be ... 
Substantially shaping, driving, and executing the product strategy for our test automation and quality enablement products, services, and ecosystem for MB.OS ECU projects 
Ideate a state-of-the art MB.OS testing ecosystem closely with other Product Owners, Experts, Value Streams, and Mercedes-Benz stakeholders 
Focusing on strong developer experience 
Navigate and thrive in a very large automotive corporate 
Working with stakeholders and project managers to understand ECU business needs and breaking them down into User Stories with appropriate granularity 
Articulating the product vision and user stories in a clear way to teams, stakeholders, and management 
Owning and managing a product backlog catering for multiple feature teams, identifying dependencies, risks, and setting the right priorities 
Working closely with high-performing development teams to plan product increments 
Collaborating closely with Value Streams, international partners, external vendors, internal departments, and MB.OS portfolio, and expert groups about test automation
Qualifikationen
Education: 
Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Communication Technology, or a comparable qualification 
Experience: 
At least 3 years of experience in developing Test Automation frameworks and CI/CD services for embedded systems, and working on test automation 
At least 3 years of experience in the Product Owner role, ideally with relevant certifications (CSPO) 
Proven track record applying various product shaping techniques like user journey, design thinking, user story mapping and others to cater for different feature and roadmap constraints 
Ability to work and solve challenges in an agile and customer-driven environment.  
Advocate for your product  vision and leading your team and colleagues towards a joined goal 
Nice to have: 
Experience in automotive and/or infotainment products 
Experience with large-scale Agile frameworks 
Experience with SW Development, Test Automation and DevOps (e.g., C++, Python, AWS, Robot Framework) 
ISTQB certification 
Personal skills: 
“Improve and learn relentlessly” attitude: You will encounter unknowns and uncertainty and take ownership for serving Mercedes-Benz development teams in the most convenient and efficient way 
We regard Product owners being leaders: proven role model and leadership mindset 
Taking ownership for  and having experience in operating development services and infrastructure on a large scale 
Excellent communication and teamwork skills 
Excellent organizational, time management, and prioritization skills 
Willingness to travel worldwide (15% of the time, mostly Germany) 
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance, and resilience 
Language skills: 
Proficient in English 
German is a plus 
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
Being part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) serving hundreds of development teams 
The chance to set standards in the field of test automation for MB.OS 
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG 
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome  everyone 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility Budget, Healthcare Budget & many more benefits 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and cover letter with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.