Jobs by email
ZEISS
Agile Coach - Digital Enablement (f/m/x)
München, Jena
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
Munich or Jena based job with 40-60% hybrid work
Excellent teammates and a lead to support your development from day one onward.
Your role at ZEISS Digital Partners
Understanding the needs of our interdisciplinary teams – translating those needs into actionable improvements 
Observing and proactively identifying optimization potentials of the agile development methods in the teams  
Supporting the team in the continuous implementation of improvements 
Support in the setup of agile and scale of the agile teams
Provide, adapt, and optimize the management tools and dashboards for the teams (e.g., in Atlassian tool chain) 
Ensuring effectiveness and efficiency in meetings and at events 
Exchange, consultation, and coordination with other coaches 
Foster relationship-building, trust, collaboration, and communication in and across teams as well as senior management.
If you want to know more about the role, kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sandro Phan (sandro.phan@zeiss.com).
Ihr Profil
At least 4 years of professional experience as an Agile Coach or Scrum Master ideally with a technical background in software development 
Performance mindset and the ability to empower teams to reach their full potential 
The competence and willingness to take on different roles as needed, e.g., coach, mentor, trainer, consultant, mediator, or facilitator 
Experience in project management tools like JIRA 
You listen actively and like to communicate confidently in, ideally both, German, and English.
  Additional nice-to-have 
Basic technical understanding of software development life cycles. 
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Sandro Phan
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.