Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Governance - Metadata Quality Expert (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play an active role in shaping the future of Data Governance on enterprise level and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS
As a Data Governance / Metadata Quality Expert (m/f/x) at ZEISS Digital Partners, you are part of our Data & Analytics team and will join the vibrant ZEISS data communityn
In this function, you will define minimum required metadata standards and articulate additional metadata requirements to serve specific business needs with the overall objective to position data as a strategic asset at ZEISS
You will support the Data Governance Program @ ZEISS to create a global Enterprise Data Governance framework aligned with the enterprise data strategy
With your team, you will define and implement global data quality management methodology, standards, processes, and tools
You will monitor achievement of goals and objectives for data quality management, implement and consolidate DQ KPIs & SLAs as well as provide cross-functional scorecards and dashboards
As a Data Governance / Metadata Quality Expert (m/f/x) you will define qualitative and quantitative indicators to demonstrate value and success of the metadata governance program and develop a benchmark for comparison
You will hence contribute to power Zeiss with a best-in-class enriched Data Catalog together with the Enterprise Data Management and Data Governance Enablement teams
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree in computer science, business informatics, business administration, engineering, or mathematics, or in a related field
At least 3 years of hands-on experience with large metadata management systems
Knowledge of Data FAIRification processes is a plus
Experience in defining, documenting, and implementing data governance best practices, standards & procedures in a large organisation or in data quality initiatives, analysis, and reporting (data integrity, data profiling, KPI reporting and advanced analytics)
Knowledge of major business IT applications like SAP ERP/SAP S4/HANA, SAP CRM or any other CRM solution, SAP MDG, Adobe Marketo, Cloud Platforms (Azure and/or AWS/ GCP), Data Cataloging incl. Business Glossary and Data Governance technical solutions (Informatica Enterprise Data Catalog)
Understanding of the impact of metadata quality on the operational business processes, steering & management decisions
Excellent analytical, problem-solving skills, and conceptional thinking paired with the ability to understand multiple inter-dependencies
Excellent communication skills and ability to handle multiple tasks and interact with various stakeholders
Excellent English skills, German is recommended
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.