Jobs by email
Continental AG
System Architect ADAS ECU (m/f/d) 218218BR
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our Business Area Autonomous Mobility (AM) at the location Ulm.
Within AM we are working on the development of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS).
As a System Engineer (m/f/diverse) you are responsible for the specification and architecture of the ADAS computing platform. You are the interface to internal and external stakeholders about the requirements for the higher-level vehicle architecture, as well as to subsystems.
Your tasks will focus on the following activities:
Development and analysis of the system architecture for a computing platform
Breaking down modules to the functional and physical sub-architectures
Coordination of the architectures in the subsystems hardware, software, mechanics, algorithm etc
Coordination and evaluation of the system and customer requirements
Participation in the development of the “work flow” for requirements
Collaboration and organization of the FMEA, DRBFM, FTA systems
Coordination and evaluation of risks (risk management)
Analysis of the state and time behavior of the overall system
Collaboration in the development of the technical security and security concept
Participation in concept and acquisition activities
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Qualifications
REQUIRED:
Completed studies in engineering, computer science, electrical engineering or comparable field of study
First professional experience with systems engineering and product development of safety-relevant embedded systems in the automotive industry
Experience with requirements management tools (e.g. IBM Doors, IMS) and with architecture tools (e.g. Rational Rhapsody)
Experienced in the field of functional safety (e.g. ISO26262, IEC61508), in systems engineering and architecture, in requirements management and engineering and also in the analysis and evaluation of complex systems
Good German and English language skills written and spoken
Moderation and teamwork skills
Very good comprehension and analytical thinking
Structured and organized way of working
DESIRED:
First professional experience with the field of driver assistance and active safety systems
Experienced in software and hardware architecture
Additional Information
Our products save lifes - we offer you an interesting and varied job as part of a motivated team at one of the largest suppliers to the automotive industry
An attractive compensation package, that comes along with unique flexible working conditions like hybrid work, flexible working time and sabbaticals, that help you to balance work, family and spare time
Exciting, varied projects in our high-tech customer environment
Numerous career opportunities and the rapid assumption of responsibility, in line with our four corporate values of passion to win, trust, freedom and for one another
Attractive regions to live and work directly on Lake Constance, in the country or in the cosmopolitan city with a heart
You would like to learn more about our additional services? 
https://www.continental.com/en/career/working-at-continental/what-we-offer/
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Lise-Meitner-Straße, 89081 Ulm, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -