Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Competency Lead SAP Development Supply Chain (m/f/d)
Hamburg, Leipzig, Frankfurt, Köln, Stuttgart, Düsseldorf, Berlin, München, Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
For us "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That’s why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe’s number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries.
Your tasks
Leading and developing your team to achieve agreed and measurable business results
Consulting / coaching of team colleagues in solving technical problems on an operational level and create procedures to improve the development processes
Strong focus on skill development within your team
Development and optimization of complex, customized SAP solutions to support all business processes in the supply chain environment based on SAP S/4 HANA Retail
Definition and implementation of integration scenarios in a hybrid SAP landscape following the API first approach
Development of backend and / or frontend components using the latest SAP development tools (SAP FIORI, UI5) and methods (CDS Views, OData Services, ABAP OO)
Design and implementation of projects in the MediaMarktSaturn Group in the context of SAP Supply Chain
Requirements
Degree in IT or business administration, technical environment, or equivalent training / experience
Experience in an engineering / technology role ideally in agile product environments / teams
First servant leadership skills to motivate and grow people / coaching capabilities
Excellent knowledge of modern SAP development processes and frameworks
In-depth experience with SAP platforms and very good technology skills in SAP HANA, ABAP OO, FIORI, UI5, CDS, OData
In-depth module knowledge in development activities in SAP Supply Chain environment (e.g. MM, SD, CAR, OAA, POS DTA)
Strong problem-solving skills and focus on continuous improvement and innovation
Very good written and spoken Germand and English skills
Benefits
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
International teams & versatile tasks
30 days vacation & subsidized company pension plan
Employees discount & Fitness Collaborations
Training & Education
Open corporate culture & Teamwork
Mobile work
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €