Jobs by email
TenneT TSO GmbH
Functional Application Manager (all genders)
Arnhem, Bayreuth
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
This will be your workplace
TenneT is a leading European grid operator. We are committed to providing a secure and reliable supply of electricity 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, while helping to drive the energy transition in our pursuit of a brighter energy future – more sustainable, reliable and affordable than ever before. In our role as the first cross-border Transmission System Operator (TSO) we design, build, maintain and operate 24,500 km of high-voltage electricity grid in the Netherlands and large parts of Germany, and facilitate the European energy market through our 16 interconnectors to neighbouring countries. We are one of the largest investors in national and international onshore and offshore electricity grids, with a turnover of EUR 6.4 billion and a total asset value of EUR 32 billion. Every day our 6,600 employees take ownership, show courage and make and maintain connections to ensure that the supply and demand of electricity is balanced for over 42 million people.
Lighting the way ahead together
Information Technology & Facilities plays a key role in the continuity of TenneT’s processes and with that our service provision to society. Our unit focuses on securing a high degree of availability of facility and IT services and on delivering reliable functionality with the latest technology.
TenneT is growing fast to realize its strategic ambitions. We play a leading role in driving the energy transition. We are looking for a passionate Functional Application Manager (all genders) at our locations Bayreuth (GE) or Arnhem (NL)  who will contribute to this and that might be you?
As of 1st of June 2023
The weekly working time is 40 hours (in NL), 37 in GE (conditions explained are German details, Dutch conditions will be explained in process)
The position is unlimited
Job interviews for this position will be in English. Please send us your application document in English as well
TenneT IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER and fully subscribes to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity to ensure that all applicants and employees are considered for hire, promotion, and job status without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital or familial status
  Your contribution to TenneT
You are responsible for the optimal functioning of Generic IT applications within an international agile working team. Satisfied users are your top priority. You move between the various internal and external suppliers that you need to make these IT services work. You are able to negotiate with both suppliers and the business about the quality of the services provided and stand firm. You also have a good technical background and are familiar dealing with among others SSO, SAML, SaaS and the use of certificates.
You are end to end responsible for a set of Generic IT applications (on premise and SaaS) and managing internal and external suppliers who are involved in delivering applications 
You are solving and/or forwarding incidents routed from 1st line support and handling service requests, monitoring changes to these applications in terms of scope, budget and progress and ensuring that they meet the requirements of the stakeholders 
You are (partly) responsible for setting up SSO and renewing certificates and for Application Lifecycle Management for these applications
In cooperation with the service manager, you are developing and delivering periodic service management reports on the quality of service
You initiate and coordinate improvements in service delivery and draw up an annual budget for the applications under your responsibility and ensuring that everything is achieved within budget
Your Profile and background
You have a degree (FH/H) in Information Technology or a comparable qualification
You have profound, relevant experience as an Functional Application Manager or a comparable position, and demonstrable experience with the above activities
Self-starting, communicative, coordinating when possible and hands-on when needed describe you, as well as Team player who exudes responsibility and lives up to it
Excellent command of the English language is necessary in this position
Knowledge and experience with supplier management are needed, ITIL foundation V3 2011 and Leading SAFe knowledge /certifications are an advantage
You are open to feedback and contribute to the team result
Our offer
Flexible working hours without fixed times and home office options allow you to organize your work individually. Our external partners also provide you with support services for various phases of life - for example, in matters relating to household services or care and career.
Because we think it is important that you are healthy and feel good, we offer all kinds of great extras: we provide various opportunities to work out via our Always Energy program which offers a wide range of opportunities to indulge in sports (organised training for different sports, competitions and events). And you will receive a sports allowance if you are a member of a sports club.
* Modern IT-tools * Ergonomic workstations * Very well equipped conference rooms and communication solutions that enable cross-location and cross-border collaboration
We offer great benefits such as a salary based on our Collective Labor Agreement, an annual bonus and excellent pension scheme.
Personal growth is something we actively stimulate within TenneT. For example we have our own TenneT Academy where you can explore and develop your own set of skills. More than that: you have the opportunity to work in an innovative company with an international network, to use your personal strengths and to shape the future together with us.
Recruitment Process
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.