Jobs by email
BMW Group
IT Architect Dealer Frontends (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our Business and Others team in München is currently seeking a
IT Architect Dealer Frontends (f/m/x)
Tasks
EVEN IN IT, PEOPLE ARE MORE IMPORTANT THAN IT.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
Networks are about more than just IT. They are about connecting people who make things possible. Close teamwork is key to understanding how IT can help integrate processes into systems. We put this insight into practice, and it's part of our success.
Our team provides the BMW Group Dealer Frontends in FR, ES and IT. With this application, dealers can offer leasing or finance products to our customers and perform the application processes. The dealer is still the most important channel, but customers expect more and more digitalization features in communicating with the dealer and Financial Services.
What awaits you?
In your role you will be responsible to drive the platform improvements across the markets. This includes the technical Lifecycle Management as well as shaping the architecture of the platforms to enable new functional requirements.
You need to build a solid understanding of local legacy landscapes and the complex interplay with central components, for example WebEAM.NEXT and COIN.
You will closely collaborate with the existing agile product teams to define pragmatic solutions to speed up the market implementations while striving for standardization and reuse.
Tracking the implementation activities and the validation of the results by defining, managing, and executing the relevant test cases is part of your job.
The communication with providers, markets and interface partners is part of your responsibilities.
Proactively you will track all activities and drive the continuous improvement process to speed up time to market.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics or a related field of study.
Familiar with agile processes and DevOps.
Experience with technologies like .NET and REST APIs as well as web frameworks, for example Angular.
At least basic understanding of Financial Services Processes.
Architecture skills, especially regarding transforming legacy to modern microservices.
Fluent English language skills, German skills are an advantage.
You address your own ideas and go new technological ways courageously and motivated? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimitied
Working hours: Full-time
Job Reference: 68522
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.