Jobs by email
ZEISS
Product Owner - Data Science / Machine Learning (f/m/x)
, München,
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We are looking forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Your role
In cross-functional teams, you will drive & manage projects in the field of machine learning (ML) and data science. In this role, you will support the planning and execution of multiple data science/ ML projects. As part of a vivid team, you will assess and plan data science and machine learning-related tasks like gathering and assessing requirements and reporting outcomes and results. You will support collecting learnings to be integrated into a new project. With your organizational and project management skills, you will enable our experts to focus on technical, high-quality solutions. You will be at the interface between our technical experts and ZEISS departments. You will be an advocate of the work of our data and analytics team.
Ihr Profil
Your profile
An excellent university degree (Ph.D. is a plus) in natural science, mathematics, computer science, engineering, or similar
At least 3+ years of professional experience in a leading project management function, ideally in machine learning / Data Science
The ability to understand the technical architecture of ML/ Data Science solutions
Experiences with best practices in model development, deployment, and operation
A good understanding of the power of standardization at the core and innovative flexibility at the shell
Experienced in stakeholder management
The ability to understand customer needs and solve real-world problems
Strong communication, presentation, and project management skills
Fluent English and advanced German language skills
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.