Jobs by email
Continental AG
Lead Technical Architect ERP eDRIVE365 (f/m/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
ContiTrade is the strategic retail arm of the Continental Tire business in Europe. It’s business purpose is to facilitate access to the respective markets & leverage Trade opportunities in Europe, the Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The scope of the ContiTrade business ranges from selling tires to complete fleet management via tires, tire services and vehicle services, through approximately 600 equity stores and 2,300 franchise and network partners. The business scope includes sales to end consumers, business and fleet customers, wholesale and as a service partner to Continental, as well as other major tire brands. This is done physically in branches and on the road, as well as through e-commerce platforms. 
Job Description
You love to shape the overall technical architecture of a complex system landscape? You like to dive deep technically but also present IT architecture in an understandable way? You look to manage your own team of experts? Then you've come to the right place. 
As part of the eDRIVE365 project, we are developing a new ERP, CRM and POS system based on Microsoft Dynamics 365. The system will be implemented in around 2,000 branches and our headquarters, making eDRIVE365 the largest project in ContiTrade’s history so far. Thanks to the Microsoft Dynamics 365 cloud solution and its combination of various system modules, we will be able to offer more efficient processes and individualized, digital solutions to our customers. At the same time, we are laying the foundation for our future-oriented business models.
As the Lead Technical Architecture, you will manage the complete technical architecture layer in the eDRIVE365 program. This includes Enterprise Architecture Management and Strategic IT Planning, Environment Management and Performance Optimization, as well as the interface to Operations and Support for the functional scope of eDRIVE365. Your team will consist of 2+ internal employees and you collaborate closely with 10+ external consultants.
Your Tasks
EAM & Strategic Planning
Plan, design and document overall system architecture for ERP, POS and CE based on Microsoft Dynamics365 in all relevant EAM layers (especially application and infrastructure layer)
Document status and purpose specific target pictures including necessary steps in between the ERP / POS / CE landscape
Oversee the MS Dynamics365 product roadmap and derive implications for the eDRIVE365 project planning
Prepare and steer major architectural decisions inside the ERP scope (application and infrastructure layer)
Align the roadmap regularly with the Lead Solution Architect and Business Architect eDRIVE365
Define the interfaces/interaction with other systems/applications in accordance with the given framework of the Lead Enterprise Architect ContiTrade and other IT Solution Architects (e.g. BI, Fleet, eCommerce)
Develop (simplified) technical overviews for Program Management and other business stakeholders
Plan, budget and manage the related external cost budget (incl. control/optimization of all cloud related costs in the frame of eDRIVE365)
Environment Management and Optimization
Manage all relevant eDRIVE365 environments for the different purposes (from DEV to PROD), incl. a proper (preferably automatic) environment setup/update/prep
Take care of relevant aspects of environment management
Manage and steer the Microsoft evergreen cloud update process
Steer technically the release process
Operations and Support
Support in Hypercare phase after each go-live
Prepare the handover from project to Operations responsible in respective go-live preparation phases in the roll-out chain
Takeover the role of permanent single point of contact for Operations topics and be the interface to the Operations team
Qualifications
Degree in IT or business studies, e.g. (business) informatics or comparable education
Several years of professional experience as Solution Architect, Business Architect, IT Manager, or Consultant
Several years of leadership experience in IT Management, EAM, Application Management, or IT Infrastructure
Project experience in ERP processes and systems (e.g. MS Dynamics or SAP)
Comprehensive experience in Enterprise Architecture Management 
Experience in (IT) project management, preferably in an international and complex project environment
Experience in system operations management and IT infrastructure topics
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills
Analytical skills together with ownership and a passion for getting things done
Experience in collaboration with external providers 
Professional proficiency in English (written and spoken), German and French are a plus
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome. 
Additional Information
The opportunity to work with an international and diverse team in a future-oriented environment
The chance to build a state-of-the-art software product that will also be sold to external customers
Varied and challenging tasks in a fast-paced project atmosphere
A wide range of training and development opportunities
A modern and flexible work schedule including the possibility of mobile work
Well-equipped and modern office space in our project location in Hanover
Flat hierarchies, direct communication, and approachability
Would you like to learn more about our additional benefits? Please click here. 
Network with our recruiter Torben Schilke
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße 25, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -