Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Data Scientist for Data Driven Development of MEMS Sensors (f/m/div.)
Reutlingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Reutlingen
Your tasks
As a data scientist, you will be responsible for the concept and the development of a machine learning platform where you take over the responsibility for the overall architecture as well as its further development with a special focus on customer requirements as well as reusability and state-of-the-art technologies (FaaS, SaaS).
You create solutions in customer projects for complex issues in MEMS development (Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems development) using ML (Machine Learning) methods, including requirements analysis, planning of work packages and documentation.
Also, you will lead coordination efforts to create complex data models of different systems (hardware, software, lab, production) and be able to inspire experienced developers of new technologies.
Furthermore, you can significantly shape the use of cross-functional data engineering methods (Spark) for measurement and manufacturing data with a focus on MEMS.
Your area of responsibility includes the coordination and clarification of requirements with internal and external partners. 
In addition, you will have the opportunity to actively shape and monitor the current state of research through collaboration with universities and research groups.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (Master/Diploma/PhD) in electrical engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or a comparable subject
Experience and Knowledge: several years of professional experience in the field of data science combined with data architectures using machine learning methods on Hadoop and with Spark and Apache Airflow; knowledge of Python, container platforms (OpenShift or Kubernetes) and Matlab/Simulink are advantages
Personality and Working Practice: creative, communicative, team player, reliable with strong sense of ownership, independent, customer-oriented, analytical entrepreneurial thinking
Languages: very good in German and fluent in English written and spoken
Application deadline up to and including 19th of March 2023.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Tübinger Straße 123, 72762 Reutlingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.