Jobs by email
Magna
SW Integration Lead Engineer (m/w/d)
Sailauf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Group Description
Magna's ADAS technologies are shaping an autonomous future and improving lives.
Full autonomy is coming. But to create the technology which will bring it into view, you need the desire and ability to adapt complete ADAS systems or modular solutions to any vehicle, for any mobility need.
Magna's electronics solutions connect OEMs to their customers with features that improve their lives. It's our expertise across the entire vehicle, key strategic partnerships and culture of innovation that allow us to make our industry-leading technologies road-ready. And it is how we'll continue to build a safer, smarter and more connected mobility experience for all people.
Stellenbeschreibung
Key Responsibilities
Define, plan, manage and control the scope of each customer SW delivery together with project stakeholders. Eg. SWPM, function owners, suppliers etc.
Lead and manage the SW integration team to procure all the needed software component baselines (in time and according to plan) to generate the overall software and then make a test software or a customer release.
Be at the fore-front and lead the software integration team in troubleshooting of complex software integration or software stability and performance issues.
Lead all MAGNA internal and external communication related to software integration and release.
Make needed process documentation to establish software integration strategy, to perform bench tests, basic software integration and regression smoke tests etc.
Review existing automation, investigate tools, identify opportunities to improve overall productivity to make us more efficient in build/ release management.
Strong motivation to design, implement & establish software integration processes and ASPICE base practices.
Key Qualifications/Requirements
You have an engineering degree in computer science, electronics or something comparable.
You should have around 5 years of software development or integration experience in automotive or high technology area.
At least 2 years of team leading, project management experience in software integration, planning, software delivery and customer communication is a must.
Experience in
Autosar, CI-CD and source control/defect management systems like Git, Gerrit, PTC, Jenkins, DOORS etc is mandatory.
Knowledge in C/C++, scripting languages like Perl, Python, Communication protocols like CAN, Ethernet will be an advantage.
Have a proactive and collaborative attitude towards work and colleagues.
Very good German and English language skills.
Benefits
Collegial, supportive and friendly working atmosphere with a "Duz" culture
Attractive and performance-oriented compensation package
Prospects and opportunities for personal and professional development through various training offers
Individual work arrangements through flexible working hours and opportunities to use "Office Work" and "Mobile Work" personally
Corporate benefits program
International and diverse environment and open door culture
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Magna
63788 Sailauf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates