Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
(Senior) Project Manager - IT Business Development (m/w/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
Der Online-Fashionshop ABOUT YOU, mit Headquarter im Herzen von Hamburg, gehört zu den am schnellsten wachsenden E-Commerce-Playern Europas und wurde bereits mehrfach ausgezeichnet. Als Mode- und Technologieunternehmen arbeiten wir gemeinsam an unserem Ziel, das Einkaufserlebnis für unsere Kunden inspirierender und persönlicher zu gestalten.
The IT Business Development Team mainly supports the Development Teams at ABOUT YOU Tech in structuring and optimizing their projects and processes. To achieve this they closely work together with the top management as well as the Tech & Product Leads of the company. The Team’s responsibilities vary a lot from managing projects with other tech team leads e.g. external software selection and migrations, IT investment cases, cost saving and projects helping other leads to find the perfect team processes.
The Project Manager (m/w/d) should be able to manage a wide range of projects as we also do unique projects for one of the founders, for challenges which we face in our tech teams resulting from our start-up growth rate.
Do you enjoy facing new challenges, are eager to learn and pick up a wide range of different topics, processes and projects which involve state of the art technology? Do you like to continuously increase output, realize learnings and don’t have a problem with quick topic switches? Then you are the perfect match for our IT Business Development Team!
What you will do
Lead multiple tech projects with a duration between 4 weeks and 6 months
Discuss, align and report the project status with the Lead, Top Management, Tech & Product leads on a regular basis
Identify problems and find efficient and pragmatic solutions for blockers
Ensure continuous improvement within the teams e.g. moderating regularly retrospective to improve status quo and helping with team change management
Get insight into a wide range of projects, processes, tools and state-of-the-art technologies while working with varied teams
Work in an international and agile environment with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes
Who you are
At least 2 years of experience in agile IT project management for medior and 4 years for senior
Analytical and efficient approach while keeping the focus on the set goals 
Organizing is your strong suit, you always work in a very structured way 
Proactive, hands-on and creative problem-solving mindset 
Excellent communication skills that are fluent in written and spoken English
Good MS Office and especially Excel skills 
Nice to have
Experience in IT-projects or IT-consulting
Analytical mindset
Experience with Cloud services like AWS, Google Cloud or Azure
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU. 
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
  We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland