Jobs by email
Leica Microsystems GmbH
Senior Software Automatic Tester (d/f/m)
Wetzlar
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
Leica Microsystems has helped shape the future of microscopy for over 170 years by developing groundbreaking optical and digital solutions. As a global leader, we’re driven by continuous improvement to excite our customers and to create the best work environment for our people. Customer focus, innovation, and teamwork are at the core of our culture and the foundation of our success.
  Want to be part of a company whose products are part of cutting-edge research around the world? Join Leica Microsystems in our commitment for brilliant solutions and insight.
Leica Microsystems is proud to work alongside a community of nine fellow Danaher Life Sciences companies. Together, we’re pioneering the future of science and medicine, developing products that enable researchers in the fight to save lives.
  We are currently offering the following position, to work in a hybrid working module as well as in our headquarter in Wetzlar:
          Senior Software Automatic Tester (d/f/m)
  Your responsibilities:
The software part of our microscopy systems is not only the interface to the user, but it also integrates hardware control, workflow and insight generation. Its functionality and robustness are a key factor to customer success.
In this exciting role you are responsible for the design, implementation, and execution of automated tests to maximize test coverage to ensure functionality and robustness of our microscopy software platforms.
You will analyze test requirements and derive a relevant test strategy for the projects and releases. For this, you will set up the test plan and environment and select tools and frameworks for efficient and successful execution, in close collaboration with the teams involved. You also ensure proper documentation and communication of the respective plans, tests and results
You will devise automated executable tests from the requirements to maximize test coverage and independent execution spanning the product portfolio
By building technical leadership for the test automation team, you will initialize and lead software automation projects and represent the team in development projects
You will review software verification plans to ensure test completion in accordance with the project timeline and feature scope
You work closely with software developers to quickly resolve bugs continuously improve test quality and relevance
You assume responsibility for the development equipment to ensure availability for development and testing
Our expectations:
You bring an enthusiastic, open, and self-driven personality and the desire to learn, develop and deliver results
You have a technical degree with several years of professional experience or a successfully completed technical vocational training and many years of professional experience
You are fluent in German and have good written and oral English skills
You bring good IT skills and experience in programming with common languages, script languages, and databases. Furthermore, you are familiar with common test and test automation tools
You have already acquired experience in the conception, planning and execution of manual software tests in connection with hardware
You have already gained experience in project management 
  What we offer:
Hybrid working module
Attractive salary and pension package
We offer employees a wide range of training opportunities (including virtual) in languages, technology, and the Danaher Business System (DBS) Academy
We support employees in their professional and personal development
We have no room for prejudices and stereotypes. We promote equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion. #Charterof Diversity
Here you will find a reliable team that is a pleasure to work with
With us you get the chance to successfully contribute your own ideas  
  Get more insight
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Leica Microsystems GmbH
Ernst-Leitz Straße 17-37, 35578 Wetzlar, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Company car
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.