Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
ASIC Digital Designer (f/m/div)
Dresden
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Dresden
Your tasks
In our Dresden development center, Bosch Sensortec develops ASICs for a variety of consumer MEMS Systems. Your responsibility will be the digital design of Mixed-Signal or System-on-chip ASICs
You work in interdisciplinary teams and develop leading edge digital ASIC circuits from concept to implementation
You help us to ensure the “First Time Right” of our IC Designs
Join the development from concept until product release
You will be responsible for robust design of digital circuits in control- and datapath structures including optimization
You are part of an international and globally distributed team
Your profile
Personality: High level of enthusiasm, creativity and willingness to work in international and interdisciplinary teams
Working Practice: Effective team player with focused and quality oriented working style
Knowledge: Profound knowledge of hardware description languages (VHDL,Verilog) and digital simulations
Experience: Minimum 3 years of professional experience in digital IC design and preferably insights into digital data processing and/or physical design (synthesis, timing analysis, P&R). Experiences in leading a design team is a plus
Languages: Proficient English (C1) and advanced German (B2) language skills
Education: Degree (Dipl./ M.Sc.) of electrical engineering, computer science or equivalent with outstanding results
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Ring 1, 01109 Dresden, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.