Jobs by email
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services
Business Analyst (m/f/d) - Corporate Customer Data Management #StandwithUkraine
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services (IDS) unlocks the value of data for the global investment industry: We validate, refine, and link data from a wide variety of sources and make it available for mission-critical processes along all investment strategies and products quickly, worldwide, and at any time. Fund management companies, insurance companies, banks and pension funds can use IDS to access a flexibly scalable data platform as well as all necessary analyses and reports in the desired format. As a 100% subsidiary of Allianz SE, IDS has stood for stability, reliability and certified security in the handling of its customers' data since 2001.
Business Analyst (m/f/d) – Corporate Customer Data Management #StandwithUkraine
Job Purpose / Role
In the team Core and client platforms – Business Analysis and Process Design you are integrated in an expert and project team with a highly diversified range of topics.
As a Business Analyst (m/f/d) you are responsible for the design of solutions for our Company Master Data (address, legal entity, corporate hierarchy, etc.). You are a key contact for this data and will act as interface between the business requirements and application engineers. You will perform data analysis, find solutions for data processing and transform as well as find internal control mechanism to improve quality and methodology. Your work will also involve collaboration across departments to support and act as a consultant to your colleagues on questions concerning data requirements.  
We live flat hierarchies and we always have an open ear for your ideas. To support your entry into IDS GmbH we offer a comprehensive onboarding program.
Key Responsibilities
Subject matter expert designing solutions for our Company Data Platform (e.g. using matching algorithms, classification, static data, data assurance)
Support digital transformation of the Corporate Customer warehouse
Support and advice colleagues from different departments
Data analysis via e.g. SQL, Python as well as rapid prototyping
Interface between clients, project members and end users
Key Requirements / Skills / Experience
University degree in mathematics, physics, business administration, economics or related fields
Experience with Company Data Management and Market Data requests via API, or similar is a plus
First professional experience in relevant field (e.g. consulting, controlling or modelling) is a plus
Experience with relational databases (SQL, PL/SQL) and programming skills in Python
Knowledge in Azure Analytics, GitHub, Airflow, Power BI is a plus
Capital market, finance and/or investment management knowledge
A very flexible and proactive approach, combining diplomacy and assertiveness
Strong analytical and conceptual skills
High degree of analytical thinking, motivation, autonomy and an above-average willingness to perform
What we offer
Benefit from flexible working hours, a home office arrangement and 30 vacation days per year
With us, you can expect an intercultural environment with flat hierarchies, a familiar working atmosphere as well as independent work in dedicated teams
Become part of a company with start-up spirit that combines the advantages of the Allianz Group
Take advantage of our wide range of training and development opportunities and shape your individual career path
Benefit, among other things, from annual bonus payments, additional benefits, health initiatives, employee restaurant and a company pension plan
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.