Jobs by email
Mercedes-Benz Group AG
Internship in the “Data, AI and Digital Compliance Program" department: Digital Governance & Artificial Intelligence starting May 2023
Stuttgart
Internship
Full Time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002EQM_EN
Tasks
The “Data, AI and Digital Compliance Program” department, based in Stuttgart, is part of the "„Corporate Data Protection & Digital Compliance Program“ division, in the area of responsibility of our Board Member for Integrity & Legal Affairs. Our mission is to address the risks resulting from digitalization in a future-oriented manner. On the one hand, this means that we support the responsible use of new technologies (in particular artificial intelligence (AI)) and, on the other hand, that we proactively identify ethical and regulatory risks for new digital products and business models, analyze them and minimize them through appropriate compliance and governance measures.
In your internship, you will actively support the "Data, AI & Digital Compliance” department. We work on digital business models by setting a framework for the legally compliant and ethical handling of new technologies: Our contribution to the digital transformation of Mercedes-Benz.
The following tasks await you as part of your internship
Together with us and other departments, you shape the way we want to responsibly drive the digital transformation at Mercedes-Benz
In the digitalization of our own compliance processes, we rely on your technical affinity and your skills, e.g. in optimizing chatbots or data modeling of business processes
With your creativity, you support us in the further development and implementation of our information and training offers
You independently conduct research on the development of relevant digital trend topics, in particular related to AI ethics and AI governance
You contribute with your ideas to the optimization of existing methods, standards and processes in order to effectively implement our measures in the company
By helping to design and following-up on cross-departmental workshops and dialog formats, you will help us to achieve our ambitious goals more quickly
We also want to rely on your skills and creativity when creating top management presentations and decision-making recommendations
Become part of our team- we look forward to meeting you!
Qualifications
You are studying data science, business administration, law, ethics or any other comparable course of study with a strong affinity for IT
Confident knowledge of German and English, both written and spoken
Confident handling of MS-Office
Ideally first experiences in programming with JavaScript or HTML and working in agile IT projects
Interest in new technologies and their ethical and legal challenges
Ideally advanced knowledge in the field of machine learning and deep learning or another new technology
High motivation and willingness to learn
Flexibility and openness to work in a dynamic environment
Strong teamwork and communication skills
Analytical and conceptual ability to structure complex issues
Additional information:
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, certificate of enrollment, current performance record, relevant certificates, if applicable proof of mandatory internship and the standard period of study (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
Please find the criteria of employment here.
Citizens of countries outside the European Trade Union please send, if applicable, your residence / work permit.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: SBV-Zentrale@ mercedes-benz.com
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the Ch at-Bot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-Benz Group AG
70327 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Employee discount
Stock options
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.