Jobs by email
ZEISS
Knowledge Manager (m/w/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You develop and align logical, semantically rich, and extensible knowledge models for our products as the core element of our information architecture design
You implement the processes and select required tools to provide a comprehensive ontology for the global Microscopy organization
You work closely together in joint teams with product and support centers as well as our content creation, design, data analytics departments
You choose adequate methods to communicate and align the ontology with all stakeholders
You provide guidance for ontology development to members of other teams participate in strategic cross-ZEISS digital transformation projects to define the foundation of our future digital ecosystem success
Ihr Profil
You have an excellent university degree in Library Science, Information Systems, Linguistics, or equivalent
You have professional experience at least three years in a similar position, where you developed taxonomies and ontologies for commercial products
You have in-depth methodological knowledge in modeling ontologies and graph data query languages as well as experience with open-source or commercial ontology engineering editors (e.g. Anzo, PoolParty, Protege)
You have strong ability to quickly understand complex concepts and communicate them in simple language
You have a good understanding of the digital economy and of data-enabled business models paired with a passion for ZEISS products and markets
You have excellent interpersonal, communication and consulting skills
You have a high degree of self-management, agility, willingness to learn and self-reflection
You have fluent German and English language skills
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Stefan Schmid
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.