Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
Model-based System Engineering Specialist (m/f/d)
München, Stuttgart, Darmstadt, Düsseldorf, Köln, Berlin, Hamburg, Karlsruhe, Aachen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Your role:
We are looking for a model-based system engineering specialist (m/f/d) for our CATIA brand, which is a DASSAULT SYSTEMES brand and CATIA Cyber Systems is the fastest growing division of the brand that focuses on model-based systems engineering, architecture modelling for software, system of systems and enterprise business processes modelling.
The primary mission is to reveal to our worldwide customers how to get the value of DASSAULT SYSTEMES helping them to improve their system engineering processes thanks to CATIA Cyber Systems applications and the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform.
In this role, you will understand the systems engineering processes and master the product. You will demonstrate the product in an efficient, professional way and determine the best product configuration for each specific customer case.
Your responsibilities:
Contribute to the execution of the sales activities and deliverables, according to the different phases, at our customers and partners
Capture and analyse customer business processes and business drivers
Demonstrate CATIA Cyber Systems apps and 3DEXPERIENCE value
Support customers/partners in CATIA Cyber Systems apps and 3DEXPERIENCE learning, deployment, and best usages
Closely collaborate with industry and R&D teams, to contribute to CATIA Cyber Systems apps and 3DEXPERIENCE Platform enhancements
Your qualifications:
Bachelor / Master or Diploma of Science in engineering or similar
Industrial engineering background and work experience
SysML, UML, UAF or NAF knowledge is advantageous
Ideally experience with modelling tools such as CATIA Magic suite or similar
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, fluent in English and German 
Excellent analytical, interpersonal, and organizational skills such as creativity and flexibility
The location could be either in our Munich office or another 3DS location in Germany such as Stuttgart, Darmstadt, Düsseldorf, Cologne, Berlin, Hamburg, Karlsruhe, Aachen, or remote. Willingness to travel to our customers in the D-A-CH region and to our Munich office is required for this position.
What's in it for you?
Flexible working hours with the possibility to work partially outside the office
Working with international teams all over the world 
Learning from and working with highly qualified, dedicated, and diverse teams
Possibility for professional development in many different domains within our 3DEXPERIENCE University
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €