Jobs by email
Hansen Technologies Denmark A/S
Senior Service Delivery Manager (m/f/d)
Home-Office (bundesweit), München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Hansen (ASX: HSN) is a global provider of software and services to the energy, water and communications industries. With our award-winning software suite, we help more than 600 customers in over 80 countries to create and deliver new products and services, engage with customers, and control and manage critical revenue management and customer support processes.
We are a culture of persistent problem solvers, together on a journey with our customers striking the right balance between the legacy and future advancements. Striving for infinite progression, rather than the perfect destination, our philosophy is rooted in the belief that incremental innovation and co-development, together with our customers, is the pragmatic path forward rather than over-hyped large-scale disruptions.
With over 50 years of experience, Hansen is a leading global provider of customer care, billing software and data management systems across 80 countries with specialisations in the utilities and telecommunications industries. With 1500 people across 31 offices globally, our people bring a deep expertise, that drives innovation and ideas to ensure we deliver exceptional products and services.
Role Overview
Hansen are now recruiting for a talented and versatile Senior Service Delivery Manager opening in which you will support one of our major, high-profile and flagship customers located in Germany. The Senior Service Delivery Manager will inmediately become a critical member of the Hansen team and the position offers exciting potential in professional growth and expansion of responsibilities as the role develops. You will be very relationship focussed, and act as the primary interface to both the customer and their nominated 3rd party systems integrator.
You will contribute to enhancing end-to-end customer satisfaction and ensure program requirements are flown down via a contract and statements of work, and delivered to quality, on time and within budget.
You will work in conjunction with the back-office delivery teams, ensuring key program objectives are achieved, whilst also balancing competing demands from key stakeholders.
You will be located in Germany and either based in or commutable to Munich as there is an important customer-facing aspect of the role, as well as working from home.
The Senior Service Delivery Manager will also be responsible for supporting the overarching program governance, responsible for the facilitation and outcomes of steerco meetings, and key program customer reporting.
The Position
The Senior Service Delivery Manager will drive key customer topics to resolution and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction, consistently analysing and improving processes and interactions relevant to the service.
You will work externally with the client and systems integrator as the first point of contact ensuring all deadlines are acknowledged and met. Providing leadership by managing, coordinating, and coaching when needed. You will also meet regularly with senior management and other top executives and will work collaboratively with senior stakeholders (including C level) and any other service providers.
Key Responsibilities
Co-ordinating activities between the client, systems integrator, and Hansen Back-office teams, ensuring contractual deliveries are met
Developing and managing strong relationships with key senior client and systems integrator stakeholders
Overlaying Hansen Road-map deliverables onto the overall client programme plan and managing key inter-dependencies between all parties
Resolving program issues across multiple stakeholder groups, including simplifying/tailoring key messages for the relevant stakeholder group
Defining Statements of Work against the Master Services Agreement, securing resources to support, and managing progress against these
Creating and delivering presentations and program/steering reports to executive level stakeholders (internal and external)
Identifying and monitoring prog risks and issues, ensuring mitigation plans are developed and managed to successful completion
Governance and enforcement of the SDLC and key Hansen processes
Your Profile
About You
Germany based. German speaker.
Collaborative personality and able to build strong personal relationships
Can motivate and generate a ‘one team’ perspective to achieve common programme goals
Ability to provide innovative ways of solving or pre-empting client requirements
Calm and effective under pressure and able to remain professional in high stress situations
Can communicate openly and effectively through formal and informal channels with all levels of seniority (internal and external)
Highly functional in a dynamic, energizing environment
Comfortable switching between strategic planning and detailed delivery activities
Key Competencies
10yrs experience in a Software Delivery / Service Delivery role
Telecom domain knowledge and/or Catalog, CPQ or Order Management products knowledge is a plus and desirable, not required
Deep experience with the software development lifecycle; ability to adjust and apply this knowledge in a dynamic environment
Proven and extensive experience of ITIL service management & application production support with knowledge of service recovery, incident, problem and change management
Extensive stakeholder management – Client management, third party management and Board level interaction and influence
A proven track-record of developing and delivering service improvements
Demonstrated leadership and line management experience, with the ability to develop, coach and empower a high-performance team
Exceptional customer-facing support and fault resolution skills
What Hansen Offer
Warum sollten Sie sich für uns entscheiden? Hier nur einige der Vorteile, die Ihnen geboten werden, wenn Sie der Hansen-Familie beitreten!
Ein branchenweit wettbewerbsfähiges Gehalts- und Leistungspaket
Ausgezeichnete Karriere- und Fortbildungsmöglichkeiten
Flexible Arbeitszeiten und Möglichkeiten der Heimarbeit
Hochqualifizierte Kollegen, von denen Sie sowohl lokal als auch global lernen können
Eine hauseigene Kantine, die jeden Tag ein gesundes und leckeres Frühstück und Mittagessen serviert
Eine breite Palette von weiteren Leistungen für Mitarbeiter, einschließlich Krankenversicherung
Mitarbeitergeführte Vereine für Aktivitäten nach Feierabend
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €