Jobs by email
Revolut Ltd. Zweigniederlassung Deutschland
Senior/Lead Java Backend Engineer - Germany Remotely
bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Einleitung
ABOUT THE TEAM From building a new banking backend to creating an award-winning app, our tech team is at the heart of everything we do. Working in Technology at Revolut is not about fixing legacy systems – it is about building world-class financial products from the ground up that will be used by millions. We’ve hired some of the most talented developers out there to help us do this – and we want you to join them.
ABOUT THE ROLE We’re looking for Backend Engineers to be stationed in Germany as a remote developer or from office in Berlin.We’ve hired some of the most talented engineers and designers that the world of tech has to offer, and we are keen to showcase their talent to the world - and that’s where you come in.
WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING
• The work will focus mostly on greenfield development and improvement of existing systems.• Projects will include building mobile APIs, developing microservices to evolve our architecture, and perfecting a number of systems that our business depends on (eg. risk management, fraud detection, and payment processing).• Our technology stack is based predominantly on Java 11 on the backend.• There is an opportunity to introduce Kotlin for new components.• We have a minimalist approach to using external frameworks, with emphasis on maintainability and fast turnaround with TDD, DDD and continuous integration & delivery.
WHAT YOU’LL
NEED • Fluent in Java or Kotlin• Minimum 5 years of experience in back-end development• Bachelor's Degree (or above) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or other Engineering / Science disciplines•
Benefits
*Please do not apply to this job if you are not physically located in Germany.
Quick learner with an ambitious and results driven personality• Work well as part of a team in a fast-paced environment• Excellent communication and organisational skills
By applying for the above role, you confirm that you have reviewed ourData Privacy Notice for Candidates. • Competitive salary and sign-on stock options bonus• Biannual discretionary performance bonus (equity)• Paid annual leave• Own the development process that will face on the customer's impact• Latest technology to work with• Strong team that could improve your skills• Roll with a free Revolut Premium or Metal subscription
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €