Jobs by email
CHEP Deutschland GmbH
Working Student - Automotive Business Excellence (m/f/d)
Köln
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
CHEP helps move more goods to more people, in more places than any other organization on earth via our 300 million pallets, crates and containers. We employ 11,000 people and operate in more than 55 countries. Through our pioneering and sustainable share-and-reuse business model, the world’s biggest brands trust us to help them transport their goods more efficiently, safely and with less environmental impact.
What does that mean for you? You’ll join an international organization big enough to take you anywhere, and small enough to get you there sooner. You’ll help change how goods get to market and contribute to global sustainability. You’ll be empowered to bring your authentic self to work and be surrounded by diverse and driven professionals. And you can maximize your work-life balance and flexibility through ou Hybrid Work Model.
Your tasks
Our new Business Excellence department sees itself as an internal service provider for the CHEP Automotive business unit. We are looking for a working student to participate in our diverse fields of work.
The prerequisite is a general interest in project management as well as data analysis and reporting.
Your responsibility:
Implementation of improvement measures for the use of Microsoft Sharepoint and Salesforce,
Support in the planning, implementation, documentation and follow-up of subtasks within projects with different departments,
Collaboration in the creation of reports (Excel, PowerBI, etc.) and analysis of data sets to support the business,
You take responsibility for your own small projects and actively contribute to them and take on administrative tasks in the team.
Your profile
Opening minded and communicative person,
Creative and improvement oriented,
Bachelor / Master (both is fine) at least end of second year (what do you think?),
IT interested, Relationship management, Marketing, Comms or Business background,
15-20h a week.
What we offer
Competitive remuneration and holiday entitlement,
Flexible working hours,
Possibility of remote working,
Participation in projects of international importance,
Various discounts through Corporate Benefits.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
CHEP Deutschland GmbH
Köln, Deutschland