Jobs by email
Flender GmbH
Masterand IT
Bocholt
Bachelor dissertation / Master thesis
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Flender headquartered in Bocholt, Germany, is a leading global supplier for mechanical and electrical drive systems and has the reputation for highest performance, innovation, quality, and reliability of drive components for more than 120 years. Flender offers a broad variety of gear units, couplings and generators and associated services, with a focus on key industries such as wind power, cement, mining, oil & gas, power generation, water and wastewater, marine, conveyor and crane technology. Flender products and services combine the latest technology with extremely high quality and have been reliably providing the optimal transmission of power for decades. Flender has around 8,700 employees globally. Further information is available on the Internet at www.flender.com.  
Ihre Aufgaben
  Masterthersis “Standardization of post processors for modern NC machines”
Today, modern manufacturing requires more and more standardized processes and applications as well as the best possible standardization of CAM processes on the production machines.
In the context of programming the NC machines with the modern 3D system NX-CAM, a unified post processor core for the NC program generation presents itself as a special challenge.
   Task description
An already existing standard Post Processor needs to be optimized within the development of unified concepts for the adaptation of new machines. The adaption of this core Post Processer to the machines must be synchronized with a defined change management via GIT environment for the adjustments. Automated test cases should fulfill the quality aspect.
The necessary infrastructure should be implemented on modern cloud platforms and the related tools. Furthermore, existing automated NC program generations in C# are to be adapted and optimized within the NX-CAM environment and simulations are to be carried out. 
Ihr Profil
  Focus of this thesis
· Optimization and ongoing development of a standardized Post Processor core
· Setup a source code change management with GIT and cloud architecture
· Establish automated test scenarios
· Improvement of existing C# NC program automations
Wir bieten
  Flender as an employer offers:
Mobile working *If the position allows it
Payment according to collective agreement or based on a collective agreement
Traditionally successful company with a strong vision for the future
Flexitime system*If the position allows it
Health care and benefit Programmes
Training and development in our Academy
Attractive and varied areas of responsibility
Collegial and appreciative working atmosphere
FleKita at the headquarter in Bocholt   
  Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Flender GmbH
Alfred-Flender Straße 77, 46395 Bocholt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.