Jobs by email
SMS group GmbH
Frontend / Backend Developer (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf, Mönchengladbach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
SMS group GmbH
SMS group is noted worldwide for its mechanical and plant engineering expertise, its future-oriented technologies and its excellent service for the metals industry. We use our 150 years of experience and our digital know-how to provide the industry continuously with innovative products and processes – even outside our core business. We are the partner for demanding projects, and we support our customers during the complete lifecycle of their plants, enabling profitable and resource-saving value creation chains. We have set ourselves the task of paving the way for a carbon-neutral and sustainable metals industry. As a global player with German roots, we take responsibility for our 14,000 employees and the society.
Become a part of our future at SMS group GmbH in Düsseldorf or Mönchengladbach, where we're looking for a
Frontend / Backend Developer (m/f/d)
YOU ACT
You are responsible for the development of a web based frontend and a C# based backend. In addition there are the following tasks:
Improving our CI/CD pipeline
Following clean code approaches and knowledge of how / when to apply design patterns
Participation in the design of system architectures and the selection of technologies
Our tech frontend stack: HTML/CSS, Angular, MaterialUI/DevExtreme, Typescript
Our tech backend stack: C#, ASP.NET, .NET 6, Rabbit MQ, SQL Server
Testing and commissioning
YOU KNOW
You have a successful completed bachelor degree, master degree or apprenticeship in the area of engineering and you have already gained first professional experiences. It is also important for us:
Ability to perform code reviews
Experience with developing UI’s
Working independently (self-reliant), a high degree of self-organization within the teams
Hands-on experience with modern VCS and software development and deployment methodologies (Git)
Experience in building Web applications with Angular
Willing to take ownership of challenges, propose creative and cost-efficient solutions and deliver such solutions in a teamwork environment
Quick assumption of responsibility
Fluent in English (German is plus)
WE CONVINCE
As an innovative and international employer, we offer you a performance-oriented salary package and the opportunity to achieve the ideal family/work life balance, e.g. with our in-house children's daycare center, flexible working hour models, and homeworking options. Click here to learn more about the benefits of working for SMS group.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.