Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Business Programme Manager, App Store - Continental Europe
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Apple's App Store is the world's largest and most innovative mobile application store, serving more than half a billion customers every week. Since the App Store launched in 2008, it has changed the way we all live; it has enabled countless new companies, spawned new industries, and created millions of jobs. It has also paid out over $260 billions to developers worldwide, rewarding millions of developers for their hard work and creativity. But we believe we're just getting started. The team is seeking a dynamic, passionate individual to join us to lead programs for the App Store to support the European Developer community at scale.
Description
Build and operate programs to engage at scale with European Apps & Games Developers and help them make better decisions in every aspect of their business and be fully set up for success: design segmented programs in line with the business strategy, build content and curriculum, refine process and tools and coordinate the program delivery. Build, maintain and expand business relationships with key and prospective App & Games developers, offering expertise on their roadmap. Partner with local App Store Business Managers and Editors to identify relevant opportunities for local Developers. Identify new market trends, business opportunities as well as key relationships to be developed. Advocate internally and externally on App Store Programs initiatives to source candidates, share best practices and expand. Work cross-functionally with internal stakeholders: Apple's Worldwide Developer Relations, App Store Business and Editorial teams, Commerce team, across Continental Europe.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
A deep passion for apps and mobile technology and an extensive network in the local tech industry and community.
Stellar track records of project management, organisational skills and ability to balance multiple projects at a time, from ideation to execution, with phenomenal attention to detail.
Outstanding ability to develop great presentations and present them to different audiences.
Ability to optimally work with cross-functional teams under daily and weekly deadlines.
Great integrity, a sense of humor, and excellent interpersonal skills.
Deep passion for the Apple brand, Apple’s products, and mobile technology.
Education and Experience
Degree education in relevant field desirable but candidates from all education backgrounds are encouraged to apply.
Additional Requirements
International travel will be required.
Fluency in English is required. Additional languages are a plus.
Why us?
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. Apple benefits programmes vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €