Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
(Senior) Web Analyst / Marketing Data Analyst (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Introduction
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading digital recruiting platforms and #2 most popular tech employer in Germany, we help everyone find the right job. Therefore, we need you! 
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a (Senior) Web Analyst / Marketing Data Analyst (m/f/d) in Düsseldorf, Hamburg or London. As part of our Marketing Analytics team you will work closely with our Marketing, Analytics and Data Science teams to understand and improve the efficiency of our marketing investments.  
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. Please let us know, if we e.g. should use a gender neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process.
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies.
Your Tasks
Mine data to find opportunities and use analytics to support the StepStone Marketing teams in achieving their goals 
Understand and contribute to existing algorithm development and refinement powering our core steering tools 
Your work will span across constructing reporting and data products, streamlining data processes and working on marketing analytics challenges like attribution modelling, incrementality testing and budget allocation 
Collaborate closely with our Marketing, Brand, Product, Data Engineering and various other Analytics teams to prepare data-based decision-making 
Your Profile
You possess relevant professional experience in an analytical role ideally in a digital business, consultancy, media or market research 
You hold a relevant degree in Economics, Statistics, Controlling, Marketing or any related discipline 
Experience with web analytics (ideally Adobe Analytics) and data visualization tools (Power BI) 
You have experience in Python/R and SQL and are keen on learning more  
Ideally, you are already familiar with one of the Marketing Analytics technologies like attribution modelling, incrementality testing, A/B testing or budget allocation 
Ability to identify and solve complex analytical challenges and to communicate them with both technical and non-technical stakeholders 
You are fluent in English, German is a plus 
Your Benefits
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally. 
We support you: We want you to become part of the StepStone family as quickly as possible! That is why we will support you with all the formalities during the visa process.
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues. 
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays. 
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off. 
Our location? At the Medienhafen! For you that means we're easy to reach - whether by car, train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your parking space or job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably. 
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role. 
Are you into fitness? Great! Whether it's in our own fitness studio, playing beach volleyball or running, you can keep fit with our wide range of sporting activities. 
Fancy a coffee? Then take a look at our in-house baristas. Whether Caramello, Cortado or Flat White lactose-free - everything is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day. 
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office. 
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentive trips, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
Völklinger Straße 1, 40219 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates