Jobs by email
Fresenius Medical Care
Product Security Manager (m/f/d)
Bad Homburg bei Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
We provide medical engineering for millions. And yet for each individual.
Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal diseases. As a global health care company, we have  a special goal: provide the best possible care. Join us to improve the quality of life for a growing number of patients around the world and be a vital part of our team.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
Fresenius Medical Care – Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every day. More than four decades of experience in dialysis, innovative research, the global leader in dialysis services and products – that is Fresenius Medical Care.
In your role as Product Security Manager (m/f/d) you will be responsible for ensuring cybersecurity compliance for active medical devices over the entire product lifecycle.
Your assignments
Assessment of acceptability of cybersecurity risks for active medical devices, including benefit / risk assessments
Definition of risk control measures to mitigate cybersecurity risks
Involvement in the planning of the product roadmap for the implementation of cybersecurity measures under consideration of state of the art
Responsible for the evaluation of events (post-market surveillance) within the scope of complaint / incident and vulnerability management
Coordination of product related cybersecurity activities in close cooperation with development teams
Initiation and support for rollout of strategic cybersecurity related topics for active medical devices
Support of cybersecurity development and registration activities
Coordination and participation in the Fresenius Medical Care cybersecurity community
Your profile
Successfully completed technical studies in computer science, information technology or similar field of specialization
Several years of professional experience in cybersecurity (e.g. embedded systems, risk management, regulatory requirements) with in-depth knowledge of enabling technologies and technical solutions in the field of cybersecurity
Familiar with relevant regulations and guidelines such as ANSI/UL 2900-1, UL 2900-2-1, ISO/IEC 2700x
Experienced with R&D related processes and methodologies (e.g. cybersecurity, product risk management, etc.)
Knowledge of cybersecurity relevant tools (e.g. Microsoft Threat Modelling Tool, BlackDuck Binary Analysis Tool, Kali Linux)
Creativity in overcoming technical challenges
High degree of independence and personal responsibility
Fluent in English, German language is an advantage
Our offer to you
There is a lot for you to discover at Fresenius, because we have a lot to offer. No matter in which field you are an expert (m/f/d) and how much experience you bring with you – for your professional future with meaning: 
The opportunity to work on a mobile basis, individually in consultation with your manager 
Whether in front of or behind the scenes - you will help to make better and better medicine available to more and more people around the world 
Individual opportunities for self-determined career planning and professional development 
A corporate culture in which there is enough room for innovative thinking – to find the best, not the fastest, solution together 
A large number of committed people with a wide range of skills, talents and experience 
The benefits of a successful global corporation with the collegial culture of a medium-sized company 
Your Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Fresenius Medical Care
Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.