Jobs by email
BayWa r.e. Solar Projects GmbH
Digitalisation Engineer Construction (m|f|d)
München, Freiburg, Leipzig, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
BayWa r.e. is the home for change makers. We r.e.think energy – how it is produced, stored and can be best used to enable the global renewable energy transition that is essential to the future of our planet.  At BayWa r.e. we effect change globally. With locations in 29 countries, we have over 4,000 people already working across the world, collaborating with local businesses to proactively shape the future of the energy sector.
BayWa r.e. Solar Projects GmbH provides an extensive range of services, from greenfield development and turnkey construction to financing options and the operation of ground-mounted or floating solar parks and hybrid plants. Thanks to our global expertise, our local teams can cater to our customers’ needs and requirements.
Due to our dynamic growth, we are expanding our team and are currently looking for a Digitalisation Engineer Construction (m|f|d) in Munich, Freiburg, Leipzig or Berlin.
What You Will Do
Develop and maintain software tools in the field of construction
You manage, continuously update and improve our construction tools for construction and defect reporting
Manage requests related to users, permissions and licenses
Create training material, conduct training sessions and tool specific communication (new features, changes/system enhancements), to ensure that our users are always up to date
You further develop the digital landscape of existing and new construction tools for more efficiency and value creation
You are curious about new software and tools
You are pushing sour digitalization and automation (e.g. reporting via drone) forward
What You Bring
A university degree in either business, informatic, business informatics or a comparable qualification
IT skills including: Excel, SQL, SharePoint, Workfront and Power BI
Self-starter, keen to learn and to deep dive digital solutions
Excellent communication as well as facilitation and interpersonal skills
Strong hands-on-mentality and proven problem-solving skills, to drive tasks to successful completion in a fast-paced global environment
Very good verbal and written communication skills in English
Understanding of construction processed would be of advantage
What We Are Ready To Offer You
Mobile working
Flexible working hours
International team (86 different nationalities working for BayWa r.e. across the globe)
Flat hierarchies, an open culture and plenty of leeway for your ideas
Modern office ambience (height-adjustable desks, additional monitors, ergonomic chairs, etc.)
Company restaurant (only in the Munich office)
Jobrad (subsidized company bike leasing)
Discounted shareholder program
Company pension allowance
Discounted fitness conditions
Discounted fueling
iPhone (also for private use)
Is This Role The Right Fit For You?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €