Jobs by email
Unsere Grüne Glasfaser GmbH & Co. KG
IT Senior Change Management & Communication Manager (m/f/d)
Ismaning
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
To secure and expand Germany's position as one of the world's leading innovation and technology locations, access to the fibre optic network is a must for everyone and everywhere.
We at UGG see it as our mission and task to decisively advance Germany's fibre optic network and make ultra-fast high-speed internet available even in rural areas. In this way, we make a decisive contribution to opening up new possibilities for how we communicate with each other, work and shape our lives according to our personal ideas. We are looking for experienced and highly motivated people who share our passion and want to contribute to our mission as Germany's top-notch and sustainable fibre network provider.
In case of equal suitability, applicants (m/f/d) with a severe disability will be given preferential consideration.
Your mission
As a Senior IT Change Management & Communication Manager, you will assume direct responsibility on the business user’s adoption of the new IT capabilities delivered, managing the IT communication plan and activities related. 
Support the translation of capabilities deployed by the IT department that support the evolution of the company.
Develop detailed transformation roadmaps including communications, risk mitigation, organizational alignment, stakeholder management, organization design, change agents, education, training, and measurement.
Engage key stakeholders in the business to ensure that there is a clear and consistent understanding of the objectives and outcomes of embedding sustainability of the IT environment.
Work with stakeholders and prepare them to sustain the change with the necessary tools and documentation.
Maintain a communication and change management strategy from an agile work perspective.
Incorporate alternative perspectives and methods and lateral thinking to further develop existing procedures.
Planification and coordination of the IT capabilities rollouts, according to DevOps approach.
Management of availability of documentation and training material, to ensure the users adoption of the IT capabilities.
Management of the IT capabilities communication workshops, aligned with the business users’ areas.
Your profile
Bachelor’ s degree
1-3 years of proven work experience as a communication expert and change management for Telecom Operators and/or Cloud environments
German high-level speaker, English proficient, Spanish is a plus
Analytical and logical thinking with creative problem-solving ability
Good communication and teamwork skills
A good capacity to understand the business needs
Positive can-do attitude consistently delivering above expectations
Why us?
Corporate culture: We offer an open corporate culture in an international environment.
Workplace: Modern and ergonomically equipped office space (completely renovated in 2021), as well as an open space and open desk model.
Office equipment: All employees are provided with a laptop and smartphone.
Catering: Free coffee specialities and water are available at all times as well as fresh fruit.
Holidays: We offer 30 holidays per year.
Home office: We offer a good mix of office and home office work. In consultation with your team, you are free to arrange your own times.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Unsere Grüne Glasfaser GmbH & Co. KG
Adalperostr., 85737 Ismaning, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Company mobile phone
Home office
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.