Jobs by email
Midas Pharma GmbH
IT Manager (all genders) Service & Support
Ingelheim
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About us
Where people make the difference
Everyday work at Midas Pharma is diverse and challenging. This is what motivates and inspires us. That is also reflected in the people who work here: Our employees make the difference.
We know: We accomplish more as a team. This is the only way to transfer knowledge and create the synergies that make us so successful as a company. That's why teamwork is a key factor for us. For our employees, this means that there is scope to make a difference and take on responsibility. Commitment, expertise and creativity meet flat hierarchies, short decision-making processes and highly competent team members. An inspiring environment that motivates you to go the extra mile. In the work for our customers and in the development of your own skills.
Your mission
IT support administration, MS-Office 365, system administration, mobile devices
Installation and configuration of new workstations as well as preparation of IT equipment for new employees (smartphone setup, notebook, PC, other peripherals)
Independent troubleshooting or forwarding as well as follow-up of malfunctions
General operational support, processing of various commercial and technical tasks
Execution of application tests, error analyses and documentation
Various administrative tasks (e.g. inventory, IT purchasing, etc.)
Service, maintenance and commissioning of computer systems as well as their documentation
Consulting and support of users
Support in IT projects
Cooperation in communication and application projects
Your profile
Completed training as an in IT specialist (m/f/d) or comparable
Profound knowledge of MS server and client operating systems as well as common MS Office applications
Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory
First experience in Citrix and VMware environment is an advantage
Basic network knowledge (switching, routing, VPN) is desirable
Precise organizational skills, high degree of independence and initiative as well as analytical and structured approach
Very good written and spoken German and English skills
Our Offer
Midas Pharma is a well-established and renowned family business that offers you a personal and appreciative working atmosphere in addition to the security of over 30 years of business
Our workplaces are not open-plan offices, but personal offices where you can also retreat from time to time, equipped with the latest technology and ergonomic office furniture
Our organization enables you to make quick decisions - a key factor of our success
Due to our flat hierarchies, there is a very close interaction at Midas - personal and professional - it is not uncommon for management to be involved in interdisciplinary projects
We are looking for you as a personality and want you to contribute authentically - in turn, we encourage this by giving you great freedom for creativity and independence
At Midas, all paths to personal and professional development are open to you - various support programs as well as assignments abroad are just a few possibilities
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Midas Pharma GmbH
Rheinstraße, 55218 Ingelheim, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -