Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Product Owner - Data Analytics Checkout & Payment (m/f/d)
Hamburg, München, Berlin, Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
For us "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That’s why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe’s number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries.
Your tasks
Setting ambitious and clear product vision towards a KPI driven backend feature development for checkout & payment backend-services with focus on the reduction of transactions costs within the payment flow
Creating a mechanism how to gather as much data as possible from different products in the domain and help them to improve 
Communicating ‘the story’ effectively to key stakeholders and the rest of the team 
Owning the end-to-end product strategy from inception, and determine business value once solution enters production 
Building a backlog of product features, i.e., write user stories and acceptance criteria 
Continuously improving the backlog ensuring all items are clearly described, estimated and prioritized by applying systems thinking 
Ensuring customer-driven design considering user pain points and usability test results 
Performing A/B Tests 
Driving sprint and release plans 
Participating in retrospectives to continually improve team processes 
Requirements
Very strong data analytics skills
Academic degree in business administration, computer science, or a comparable qualification 
Experience in agile development, with specific product owner (or similar) experience preferred 
Knowledge of relevant domains and product as well as of industry trends, user demands and pain points, and is able to create a high value product vision 
Being comfortable with technology and able to engage in discussion with D&A team to understand risks 
Being able to influence a diverse group of stakeholders and has strong leadership skills 
Strong problem solver with ability to lead the team and to push solutions and progress 
Strong analytical skills to create user stories (e.g., risk to feature) 
Excellent communication skills and business fluency in English; German is a plus 
Benefits
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
International teams & versatile tasks
30 days vacation & subsidized company pension plan
Employees discount & Fitness Collaborations
Training & Education
Open corporate culture & Teamwork
Mobile work
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €