Jobs by email
Revolut Ltd. Zweigniederlassung Deutschland
Software Engineer (Python)
Office: Berlin, Remote: Germany
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About the Role
Our Technology team isn’t just one of the best in the industry, it’s one of the best in the world. And we’re proud of it. It’s our driving force; our engine.
From building a new banking backend to creating an award-winning app, there’s nothing (and we mean nothing) our tech team can’t do.
Our Technology team isn’t here to fix legacy systems – it’s here to build world-class financial products from the ground up.
Products that will be used by millions of people around the world.
You may expect our Python Engineers to work on heavily regulated banking systems, but we love the unexpected.
We’re actually better known internally for writing high-quality code and building complex novel solutions end-to-end.
These geniuses have created our chatbot – the lovely Rita – and they didn’t stop there 🤯
They’ve also created automated FinCrime quality controls in a few weeks. Yes, they’re just that good!
You’ll never work alone, either. As a Python Engineer, you’ll sit within a Product Team – simultaneously working with Data Scientists, Analysts, Engineers, Product Owners and Operations Managers to solve problems and make our rocket ship fly even higher.
Ready to join?
What you’ll be doing
Building APIs making sure they are properly designed and scale according to the business needs
Creating data pipelines to pull data from production services into our data warehouse - powering reporting, data analytics and data science
Writing event consumers to build new data models in order to provide this data to new flows and processes
What you'll need
5+ years of experience working as a Software Engineer
3+ years Engineering with Python as your primary language
An academic background in a STEM subject
Fluency in Python, SQL and other OOPLs
Experience with API development & integration
Practical understanding of distributed systems
Ability to write concurrent code in IO/CPU bound situations
Experience with Docker, K8s, Ansible, Teamcity, monitoring and alerting
Nice to have
Experience with prototyping and sketching
Multiple side projects or open source contributions
Exposure to GCP
Experience with Django Framework
About Revolut
People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, more freedom. And since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. With an arsenal of awesome products that span spending, saving, travel, transfers, investing, exchanging and more, our super app has helped 20+ million customers get more from their money. And we're not done yet.
As we continue our lightning-fast growth, we believe that two things are essential to continuing our success: our people and our culture. So far, we have 5000+ people working around the world, from our great offices or remotely, on our mission. And we're looking for more. We want brilliant people that love building great products, love redefining success, and love turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful solution.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €