Jobs by email
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
Inhouse Consultant SAP FI/CO (f/m/d)
Weinheim
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Freudenberg is a global technology group that strengthens its customers and society long-term through forward-looking innovations. Together with our partners, customers and the world of science, we develop leading-edge technologies, and excellent products, solutions and services for 40 market segments. The Freudenberg Group employs some 50,000 people in 60 countries worldwide and generates sales of over 10 billion euros.
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions is a Business Group of Freudenberg and a leading global supplier of branded cleaning systems as well as household and laundry care products. The portfolio includes brands such as Vileda®, Gimi®, Wettex® and Marigold®. The company employs more than 3,200 people and hosts a distribution network in 35 countries.
New, effective products and distribution channels, technical innovations and a strong customer focus have been the company’s key success factors. They are supported by extensive market and customer research on an international basis as well as innovation centers and production plants around the world.
You support our team as
Inhouse Consultant SAP FI/CO (f/m/d)
Responsibilities
First contact for all SAP Controlling and Finance related topics of our global operating FHCS business units, as well as contact person for global business units to create and align new requirements and improvements within our exiting SAP Template
Further improvements of our existing SAP ECC accounting and controlling processes within SAP
Planning and implementation of strategic projects in the areas of financial accounting and controlling in cooperation with external partners and internal key users
Qualifications
Completed bachelor’s degree in business informatics, computer science, industrial engineering, or comparable education
At least 2 years of experience in SAP FI/CO processes as consultant or key user, with focus on SAP FI/CO
Knowledge in at least two of the following modules: Cost Element/Center Accounting, Internal Orders (CO-OM), Product Costing (CO-PC), Profitability Analysis (CO-PA), Profit Center Accounting (EC-PCA), General Ledger (FI-GL), Accounts Payable (FI-AP), Accounts Receivable (FI-AR), Bank Accounting (FI-BL)
Very good English skills, strong communication skills and high customer orientation
Some of your Benefits
Cafeteria/Canteen
Fresh food on-site, both hot and cold
Easily reachable
Easy, low-stress access by car or public transport
Gym
Stay fit with easy access to an on-site center
Flexible work arrangements
Opportunities for flex hours and/or remote work to maximize performance satisfaction
Training / Career development
Programs to supercharge skills and expertise
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
Höhnerweg 2-4, 69469 Weinheim, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -