Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Software Engineer RPA (m/f/d)
München, Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 hours ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
Your tasks
Helping to analyze automation potentials in existing company processes
Taking on a key role in developing, implementing, and testing process automations by applying RPA (Blue Prism)
Taking ownership for the processes and services of the team and operate and maintain them
Helping to develop, operate, and improve our automation platform
Sharing your knowledge within your team and help colleagues to master technical challenges
Requirements
Degree in computer science or equivalent education
Several years of engineering experience, ideally in RPA development (Blue Prism or UiPath)
Experience in programming & scripting languages (e.g. C#, Java, .NET, Python, PowerShell, Terraform)
Experience in configuring cloud platforms with Infrastructure as a Code (preferably GCP or Azure)
Knowledge in Databases, ERP-Systems, UI-Elements, APIs, and operating systems is desirable
Pragmatic, proactive, dynamic, and independent team player (m/f/d)
Strong problem-solving skills and focus on continuous improvement and innovation
Fluent in German and English
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. When you are ready to learn more about us, just drop us your application right below!
Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €