Jobs by email
tesa SE
Senior Consultant (m/f/d) Microsoft Dynamics CRM
Hamburg, Norderstedt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full-time
What you will do
You are responsible for the technological development of our Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE (CRM) and related applications such as our Power Apps. Therefore you design the solution, evaluate and develop/customize feature and apps by taking modern solution design, security, tesa architecture and our strategy into consideration
You provide best fit and state of the are technology by aligning with other IT teams, technology partners, our Enterprise Architecture and IT security on technology matters
You work closely with our Product Owner CRM and an external development agencies
You ensure that our CRM and related apps run stable and are maintainable. Therefore you support along the support process if first and second level support managed by our service provider cannot solve tickets on their own as deep technological understanding of your applications is required
You review the code and system setup and take action in order to optimize our CRM and related applications in accordance with the Product Owner CRM
You automate the development process according to the guidelines given by our infrastructure team
You carefully document the technology of new feature
You work in an agile cross-functional teams lead by Product Owner and Process Manager and therefore closely collaborate with our business colleagues and of course other IT teams
What you will need
You have excellent knowledge of the technology and architecture of Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE and Power Apps
You have at least 5 years of professional experience as Solution Architect, Technology Consultant, Software Engineer or similar position in a Microsoft Environment
You have excellent consulting skills and the ability to understand the business needs and see the bigger picture
You are a strategic thinker and are very service oriented
You are a great communicator and communicate with business and technological stakeholder at eye-level. You have the ability to communicate your complex problems in a way that everybody understands you
You are an absolute team player who loves to work closely with the members of the product teams
You are experienced in agile methodologies
Spoken and written English is an absolute must, German is nice to have
What you can expect
At tesa, we create sustainable adhesive solutions that improve the work, products and lives of our customers.
How we do it? At tesa, we dare to create! Therefore, we team up, we challenge ourselves and we set the pace. But we don’t just do that somehow. We act responsibly and always focus on our customers. Because only then we are able to achieve our goals and continuously improve our results.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and regard diversity as important for our long-term success. We expressly reject all forms of direct and indirect discrimination. All qualified applicants will be equally considered for employment regardless of their national origin, background, personal preferences and believes.
By applying you consent for the use of your resume for future opportunities within tesa.
If you want to find out more about tesa please visit us on our corporate web-page www.tesa.com and social media.
We offer:
Attractive remuneration
Flexible working
Further education and development perspectives
Interdisciplinary and cross-departmental career opportunities
Occupational pension provision
Numerous offers for employees, such as health promotion, sports and leisure activities, employee discounts, and much more (including tesa Bike, the company's own fitness studio, prevention options)
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates