Jobs by email
ZEISS
Master Data Officer - Business Partner (m/f/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. In this challenging function, you will help our business units to drive their processes in our system landscape by providing Business Partner Master Data in best quality. You will create, maintain and validate BP Master Data for the whole enterprise in compliance with legal requirements. You will perform content researches, support data quality initiatives and obtain and evaluate economic information.
Ihr Profil
successfully completed commercial education (or comparable level), paired with a passion for master data and data quality
English and German language skills, other languages appreciated
Communication skills for written and verbal communication
Experience with operational data maintenance in SAP MDG, ERP, CRM or comparable systems preferable
Career starters also appreciated
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.