Jobs by email
Synatec GmbH - Part of the Atlas Copco Group
Senior Software Developer C# (m/f/d) - Software Platform
Leinfelden-Echterdingen bei Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Synatec GmbH is part of the Atlas Copco Group and therefore part of a team of around 43.000 employees. Atlas Copco is a global industrial company with a leading position in technology and engineering. With our market-leading products, solutions and services we deliver sustainable productivity to our customers in over 180 countries and therefore creating a better tomorrow.
Within this, Industrial Technique Business Area manufactures and delivers innovative tools, industrial assembly solutions, quality assurance products, as well as software solutions and services. Here, Synatec GmbH plays a central role in the field of process control. Our expertise: futuristic software solutions and industrial PCs (HMIs) for industrial assembly and error-proofing.
Do you want to create world-leading software for customers like Boeing, Daimler, Rolls Royce and Samsung?
To expand our team of clever minds, we are looking for you as  
Software Developer C# (m/f/d) for our Software Platform Team
as soon as possible.
The Role
The Technologies we are working with
You will work with the latest technologies and tools such as .NET 6, Visual Studio 2022, Kubernetes, GitLab and Jira
Our main programming language in the backend is C# and the solutions are built on a microservice architecture using WebSocket/REST/MQ communication with RabbitMQ as the message-broker
Our products are built on multiple tech stacks: React and Angular applications with ASP.NET and Node.js backends
Your tasks
Together with your colleagues and other teams around the world, you will be involved in the entire development process: from requirements to development to shipping a finished product. Because that's what we do - we create products, not just software programs!
You develop innovative solutions that are used by our customers in all industries around the world to drive their assembly processes, control the quality and prevent errors. Your work will play a vital role for our customers to build the next exciting smartphone or car!
With a customer-centric attitude, an innovate mind-set and openness for new technologies and trends you will contribute to the design and development of our software platforms and libraries which are then used by our product and customization development teams. Together with your team you are building the foundations of our future
Benefit from your colleagues’ knowledge to further develop your skills - or teach them something new
What we expect of you?
You have successfully completed a university degree in the field of computer science/ engineering or a comparable training, e.g. as an IT specialist (m/f/d)
You have at least 5 years of experience in software development using Microsoft .NET technology with C# as main language
You are feeling at home in backend development, have knowledge in distributed service-oriented architectures and have experience in message-oriented systems
Knowledge and openness towards other programming languages, such as JavaScript/TypeScript and frameworks like React is an advantage in order to understand the architectural overview
For this position we expect English language skills as most communications and documentation are in English, but German language skills will be an advantage
As an enthusiastic developer with a can-do attitude, you enjoy working in an agile team
What you can expect from us?
You get the unique opportunity to gain work experience within Atlas Copco parallel to your studies
You work self-dependent and get diversified tasks with a broad range of development opportunities at a constantly growing and innovative global player
You get professional trainings through our internal Academy as well as personal coaching to speed up your own career
You gain global experiences with other international students preparing a business case together and work within an international team
You experience an open, diverse and family-friendly company culture with flat hierarchies and regular employee events (summer party, kick-off event)
We support your work-life-study balance through opportunities such as mobile work possibility, flexible working time models and leisure time compensation. You will also receive 30 days of annual leave plus special leave for important events
We offer you a variety of other benefits such as corporate benefits, company health offers, modern technical equipment, height-adjustable desks, meal bonus, free beverages, and good transport connections
If you like, you can contribute to Atlas Copco's employee initiative "Water for All" to support social projects that give people access to clean drinking water
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Synatec GmbH - Part of the Atlas Copco Group
Brühlhofstraße 4, 70771 Leinfelden-Echterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.