Jobs by email
ZEISS
Regulatory Affairs Manager (f/m/x) for AI related Digital Medical Devices
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Revolutionize the digital world of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and together with our agile development teams, take a step towards the medical technology of tomorrow. Come and join our mission of driving the digital transformation of our Health Data Platform and our Medical Ecosystem.
As a Regulatory Affairs Manager for Digital Solutions based on Artificial Intelligence, you will significantly contribute to our worldwide submissions of our medical products and therefore play a crucial role on the development of our digital medical devices. With your broad experience in the field of international approval of medical devices, you will be responsible for taking over the central preparation of the documentation and strategy as guidance and support for submissions of the digital products in the regions and you will act as contact person for notified bodies. In your tasks and your daily business, you will be supported by our Junior Regulatory Affairs Managers within the team. Together with the team, you will also contribute to the optimization of our internal process for the regulatory strategy of digital products.
Ihr Profil
You have completed an Engineering or medical degree or obtained a doctorate.
You have experiences with AI based regulations.
You can simplify the challenges of AI for strategical decisions for different stakeholders.
You have several years of working experience in the field of international approval of medical devices, ideally of digital products or services as medical devices (SaMD).
You love working in an interdisciplinary team consisting of product management, developers, engineers, usability specialists and of course other regulatory as well as clinical affairs specialists.
You are business fluent in English, and have preferably also German language skills.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.