Jobs by email
Flaconi GmbH
Senior Product Owner ERP (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
flaconi is one of Germany’s leading online beauty retailers. Our online shop’s portfolio offers more than 850 international brands and 55.000 products in the categories of perfume, skin care, make-up, hair care, natural cosmetics and accessories, covering from drugstore to organic to premium products.
flaconi was founded in 2011 and has a team of over 700 employees working from three locations: Our HQ in Berlin-Charlottenburg, our logistics center in Halle and our concept store in Berlin-Mitte. We are also represented in Austria and Poland.
What you can expect
All our core Business processes such as Sales, Purchase, Inventory Management, and all other financially relevant data are handled within our ERP System. As a Product Owner ERP, you will work closely with other flaconi business departments and our in-house development team to improve the existing processes and to adjust our ERP System to be ready for a scalable, fast-paced business. If you are passionate about solving process challenges and building a long-lasting and scalable solution, we are looking forward to your application and will love to welcome you to our international team.
What you can expect in this role
As a product owner ERP you coordinate an agile development team of 6 engineers and ensure the implementation of the roadmap by fostering a constant agile development flow and managing the Sprints
You drive constant improvement by pushing business and technical requirements from ideation to go live
In addition you plan and develop roadmaps and product visions in cooperation with your stakeholders and act as their consultant for Ideas and requirements
As the bridge between business and tech stakeholders, you translate requirements in ERP development tickets/Epics together with our engineering team
By driving process automation and ensuring our business operations run on a stable system, you play a key role in sustaining long-term success
Your essential experience and education
You bring several years experience of working in a multisystem eCommerce environment
You are an expert in all areas of typical ERP processes (e.g. order to invoice)
Ideally, you gathered experience in Microsoft Navision or Business Central
You have deep knowledge of handling APIs
Sitting in the driver's seat for initiatives and topics is a comfort zone for you
You have excellent communication skills in English, German is a plus
What's in it for you?
Full transparency: For this role, we have a salary band between 65,000€ and 86,000€ gross per year. The salary that we will offer you will always be within this span and is based on the skills that you show during the recruitment process
Our employees matter to us: We offer you a permanent contract, a BVG ticket and relocation support for international applicants moving to Germany
Work-life balance: 29 Vacation days, flexible working hours, up to three days of homeoffice a week and the possibility of a paid sabbatical
flaconi Academy: Actively shape your own career path by taking advantage of our internal and external training opportunities
We care about your well being: We want to support you also during the difficult times. For this, we offer you and your close relatives counseling sessions with mental health professionals
flaconi Fitness: A wide range of sports options & discounts on memberships
Family first: Our "emergency-daycare" is there for you in out-of-the-ordinary situations to look after your child on site at our office
Thinking about tomorrow together: flaconi subsidizes your savings contribution to the company pension scheme with an additional 20%
A comfortable working space with everything you need: HIgh end technical equipment, fruits and drinks, no dress code and dogs are welcome in our office!
Other perks: Great discounts in our online shop as well with our partner companies, cool team events & company parties!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Flaconi GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.