Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Analyst Management Reporting (f/m/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. Within our Data & Analytics team you will collaborate with the global ZEISS Finance community, but as well with other Data Scientists and Product Owner to visualize and harmonize reporting formats. In this challenging function, you will help our business units and entities with target-oriented reports and data analysis for decisions making. Therefore, you will process, prepare, analyze, and visualize data or data sources on which solid analyses can be built and help to establish a data-driven culture at ZEISS. Help us shape the future of ZEISS!
In this role you will:
Be part of the ZEISS Management Reporting Team and therefore responsible for creating the ZEISS Group reporting to provide valuable insights through suitable visualizations
Execute our monthly Management reporting: creation of target-oriented reports, plus calculation and provision of ZEISS steering KPIs (e.g., Free Cashflow or Economic Value Added)
Prepare and assist in the End2End ZEISS Group Budget process: from data input, data processing, calculation, and consolidation to reporting
Analyze and prepare data, data sources and interfaces
Visualize and harmonize reporting formats for decision making
Support our business segments and ZEISS entities with further development of our Corporate Management Reporting System and collaboration with our Software provider
Provision of reports for diverse committees, such as executive and supervisory board
Help to establish a data-driven culture at ZEISS
Work in close cooperation with Corporate Finance, Consolidation, Finance Community of Segments and Legal Entities and other Data Analytics Units
Ihr Profil
You have:
An excellent university degree, preferably computer science, business administration, or engineering, paired with a passion for data and its visualization
High BI-affinity and understanding of data structures combined with business and KPI knowledge
Experience in Data Visualization (e.g., Microsoft Power BI)
Fast, analytical, and proactive mindset with an eye for detail
Excellent Experience with Excel, VBA
Knowledge of UX Design and in reporting standards (e.g., IBCS) would be an advantage
Experience with SQL and Python or similar languages
Good analytical thinking skills, structured way of working and quick comprehension
Creative thinking and strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Customer-oriented, open-minded, and self-reliant way of working
Fluent English, advanced German language skills are an advantage
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.