Jobs by email
ZEISS
Team Lead Global Algorithms Semiconductor Technology (m/f/x)
Jena
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Shape the digital future of ZEISS in the Global Algorithms & Software Semiconductor Mask Solutions team! 
Your sophisticated algorithms evaluate enormous amounts of image data in a highly efficient manner. Only that way we as a team enable the performance of our complex photomask systems - the essential building block to manufacture defect-free microchips. 
  Our high-tech measurement systems for semiconductor lithography are characterized by extreme demands on measurement performance. This performance is essentially achieved by optical components at the highest level. Nevertheless, remaining manufacturing tolerances lead to almost insurmountable accuracy limits. Breaking through these limits using algorithms is your new challenge at ZEISS. 
With your team, you will develop highly accurate mathematical-optical models and their numerical solutions in expert teams. Product maturity and value adding algorithms are your success. You continuously expand your network within the company and are in close contact with our research partners. 
As a disciplinary team lead, you are responsible for the immediate and strategic development of your team in terms of staff, technologies and partnerships. You will shape the algorithm development in our R&D department. You will define algorithm specific roadmaps in alignment with our product roadmaps to specify goals and quality measures. Continuously, you observe existing organizational processes and adapt those towards optimality.  
You and your colleagues thus create the conditions for excellence.
Ihr Profil
Degree in physics, computer science, engineering, or applied mathematics 
Very good knowledge in at least one of the areas: numerics for PDEs, computational lithography, optimization, or image processing 
Several years of experience in the development and management of complex algorithm projects or algorithm development groups 
Experience with classical as well as agile development methods 
Several years of development experience in algorithmic software projects (FOSS desirable) 
Proven experience in MATLAB, Python, C#/C++ and HPC 
You have a strong ability to cooperate and work in a team and can motivate your employees 
You enjoy organizational and coordination tasks within the framework of the interface function within the entire development area as well as for product management. 
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
07745 Jena, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.