Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software Test Developer Software Campus (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
Welcome to our Software Campus! We develop intelligent software for various embedded application areas such as sensors, eBike systems, IoT products and much more for the consumer electronics market. As an internal service provider, we work closely with our internal partners. We are valued for our expert know-how and commissioned for a wide variety of use cases. Our work environment? Short product cycles, fast innovation leaps as well as small, agile teams and: great passion for excellent software! For you, this means: great responsibility from day one as well as the opportunity to co-create our software culture.
As a Software Tester, you ensure that the code from your team is of top quality. Specifically, you plan and define all tests and verification steps along the agile software development projects up to integration tests and software release tests and execute them together with the project team.
We have the use cases, you have the expertise: You design verification and testing strategies that are well suited for agile software development across projects in different domains and take over the technical responsibility for them. You should be no stranger to
continuous integration in the process.
You empower the team to execute your verification strategies and test plans well. As a real "maker", you are not above writing a test yourself.
But that's not all: You drive the test activities within the projects and make sure that test results are always available and transparent. You coordinate closely with the system and software architects to ensure a balanced automated alignment of the software's quality goals.
This position can be occupied at any of the locations Reutlingen or Stuttgart.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (Master/Diploma/PhD) in computer science or a comparable course of studies; a doctorate is an advantage
Personality and Working Practice: nothing is further from your mind than doing things by the book; therefore, you proactively contribute your ideas, critically question the existing and always think in a future-oriented manner
Experience: several years of experience in embedded software verification and testing; expertise with modern tools and technologies for test automation and continuous integration such as Jenkins and testing frameworks; if you also have a sound knowledge of software quality and quality assurance (ISO/IEC/IEEE 29119), we would be happy to hear from you
Know-how: programming experience in Python, experience in shell/bash scripting; ISTQB ® Certified Tester - Foundation Level or higher is an advantage; if you can read C/C++ code, that's a plus Languages: very good
Languages: very good English, good German for communication with our internal partners
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Aspenhaustraße 21 21, 72770 Kusterdingen, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.