Jobs by email
BMW Group
Security Engineer for Linux and Android based embedded Platforms (f/m/x)
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Security team in Ulm is currently seeking a
Security Engineer for Linux and Android based embedded Platforms (f/m/x)
Tasks
At BMW Car IT, a wholly owned subsidiary of BMW AG, we live and breathe software. We design and implement embedded software for the electronic control units of the BMW cars as well as related tools and frameworks.
The infotainment system, with its many external interfaces (e.g. LTE, WiFi, Bluetooth, USB) and high software complexity, has a large attack surface. We, as automotive security engineers, work passionately to protect our cars from attackers.
We need your help to secure the infotainment system against attacks, no matter if they come over the air or from attackers with physical access to the vehicle.
What awaits you?
As part of our engineering team, you will solve challenging problems to shape the future of automotive security and make BMW products even more secure.
You will design, implement, and configure security features across multiple layers of our systems starting from hardware, touching the kernel up to end-user applications.
Your daily work includes software development and Linux system configuration. Moreover, you bring platform security features to our software integration and build systems as well as the continuous integration environment.
Due to the high complexity of modern connected cars, you can apply your knowledge in hardware security, application security, cryptography, network security, and other security domains.
You support other teams to analyze potential security issues in a structured way and suggest technological as well as organizational measures to improve the security of our customer features.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in computer science or a comparable field of study, ideally with a security focus.
Hands on experience in Linux or/and Android security (for example, Kernel hardening, Linux permissions, capabilities, namespaces, secure RPC).
Thorough understanding of security principles, latest techniques, and operating system features (for example, secure boot, disk encryption, integrity protection, Linux kernel hardening).
Background with modern software development in one of the languages C++, Java, Kotlin. Experience with Python as a universal tool.
Understanding of basic principles of threat modeling. Practical experience is a plus.
Knowledge about isolation techniques and containerization mechanisms is a plus.
Business-fluent English is required, German would be an advantage.
You have enthusiasm and passion for IT-Security and high-quality software development? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer in Ulm?
Company car option.
English speaking teams in an intercultural setting.
Flexible organization of working times & mobile work arrangements.
High Work-Life Balance.
Career development & continuous personal qualification.
Relocation Services for our new employees.
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: Full-time
Option for remote contract within Germany: No
Job Reference: 72024
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
89081 Ulm, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.