Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Android System Integration Engineer (Senior/Expert)(all genders)-In Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V669
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
 Your Mission 
We are ramping up a new team that will provide the technical foundation for the coming (Android) content revolution within our cars. This means you will actively contribute to a key aspect of the digital transformation of a company that has pushed the practical limits of technology in the automotive industry for more than 130 years (starting at a time when a simple radio was still considered revolutionary tech). Going forward we will combine the ease of use, the safety and the durability of the existing infotainment system, MBUX, with the flexibility of a whole portfolio of top tier third party applications. Many of which you and our customers will already know and love from your handheld devices.
We are looking for a person who can lead our efforts to create and improve a unified CI/CD for a standardised Android environment, which will be delivered to multiple projects all over the world.
Your Mission is to lead our efforts to
Integrate the Android based Infotainment Software stack with a production environment
Improve the overall integration strategy
Create automation to improve the development experience and the product quality
Create integration testing and test automation in order to improve both build quality and developer experience
Builds, handle tickets, branches, handle merges, etc.
Develop and maintain the pipelines that integrate our code, using Jenkins pipeline templates or GitLab CI
Work closely with Embedded Software Developers, understanding their needs from the CI/CD environment
Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Experience
8+ years experience in Embedded SW Development in Automotive or comparable industries
Experience with AOSP or AAOS integration
Extensive experience with CI/CD implementations, specifically with GitLab CI and Jenkins Pipelines
Experience with Linux as a development platform
Comfortable working with Python, Groovy, Bash etc
Knowledge in agile methodologies and a rapid development cycle
Nice to have
Degree in Computer Science / Engineering, Information Technology or similar fields
Build System Engineering / Linux Build System Knowledge
Quality-oriented: writing test cases for your scripts
Familiar working in a DevOps environment, using containerisation tools like Docker
You are experienced in integration testing and test automation.
You have experience in bug tracking systems like JIRA.
 Language skills
Proficient in English
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.