Jobs by email
HeidelbergCement AG
Back-end / Data Engineer Data Platform (C#, .Net 6, Azure) (f/m/d)
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Heidelberg Materials – Material to build your future
Heidelberg Materials is one of the world's largest integrated manufacturers of building materials and solutions with leading market positions in cement, aggregates, and ready-mixed concrete. We are represented in over 50 countries with more than 51,000 employees at almost 3,000 sites.
At the centre of our actions lies the responsibility for the environment. As the forerunner on the path to carbon neutrality and circular economy in the building materials industry, we are working on sustainable building materials and solutions for the future. We enable new opportunities for our customers through digitalisation.
Our cross-functional agile teams work on the pulse of the digitalization of Heidelberg Materials. We build products for our external customers and internal colleagues tailored to their needs and aimed at making their daily work easier. We consider ourselves truly passionate about what we do and we have a strong inner drive to have an impact on our global organization with the products we built. For us, programming is a craft.
The journey has just started which is a perfect timing for you to join a growing team that is built from the ground up and is very international. In order to strengthen our teams, we are looking for Data Engineers based in Heidelberg. Your role is to build, own and operate a world-class Data Platform to provide ERP data in the cloud and enable rapid modern stack applications development. You have an opportunity to shape and improve our data platform over the coming years. Everything you will be doing is tightly linked to one of our core strategic digital initiatives: HConnect or HProduce. Our Data Platform is still at its early stage and you have a chance to contribute to the architecture and processes from the beginning in your role.
Our tech stack
Azure cloud, including the Azure IIoT, Azure Data Explorer, Synapse, Databricks, etc
Microservice architecture (K8s, RabbitMQ, NATS, gRPC, REST, Postgres, …) in C#/.NET Core
CI/CD with Gitlab, infrastructure as code, Terraform, GitOps
Apigee API management platform
Your next challenge
Create, operate and own an Azure based data platform
Help drive the data democratization in our enterprise to enable data scientists and application product teams.
Contribute to your cross-functional product team.
Define and implement the way we handle testing and advocate for best practices such as CI/CD and test automation
Stay up-to-date with the newest technologies
Your profile
Must have
Software development in C# and .Net Core is required
Experience with data engineering, data transformation processes or ETL jobs
Knowledge of modern cloud ecosystems.
Strong Database development skills
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process
Good coordination and communication skills are a clear must for this role
Experience in a large global organization is a strong plus
Good English skills
University degree in computer science, natural sciences, or a closely related field.
Capacity to work in a high-growth, fast-paced environment
Willingness to travel globally (not on a regular basis but it can happen)
Nice to have
Experience with Microservice architecture and distributed/asynchronous data processing
Experience with Python
Experience with Spark or Azure Synapse or Data Bricks
Experience with Azure Cloud
Experience with NATS Streaming or kafka or similar streaming solutions
Our offer
Flexible working time models with up to 50% remote working within Germany
30 vacation days plus additional special vacation days
Attractive compensation with profit share/bonus, Christmas and vacation payment
Multiple learning & development options: support of job-related further training, E-campus, various technical and leadership development programs
JobTicket, JobBike and further special conditions and discounts for e.g. gyms
Company fitness room, various sports classes, health and prevention campaigns
Individual onboarding with buddy program as well as various networking initiatives (Network of Women, International Network etc.)
Modern headquarters next to the river Neckar with ergonomic workplaces and height-adjustable desks
Canteen with discounted and healthy meals
Bicycle and underground parking with charging stations - for e-bike and car
...and much more.
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HeidelbergCement AG
Heidelberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.