Jobs by email
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft
Senior Consultant Financial Processes and Intercompany (f/m/d)
Stuttgart, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
At EY, our purpose is Building a better working world. To achieve it, we challenge the status quo and already look today for the answers of tomorrow. Standing still? Not an option. Change? We embrace it and see it as an opportunity and driver for innovation.
If that sounds like you, this may be your chance. We're looking for movers and shakers who help companies, entrepreneurs, individuals and the public sector to solve their most pressing challenges. This requires collaboration on eye-level and often leaving the beaten track - as part of interdisciplinary and multicultural teams all over Germany, Europe and around the globe.
We also want to see you grow, both personally and professionally. That's why we offer you working models and a wide range of on- and off-the-job trainings tailored to your individual career path. It's up to you to decide the pace you want to go on that path and the goal you aim to achieve.
What you can expect – enriching experiences that will last a lifetime
As part of our Platform, Solutions and Intelligence Team within a European center of excellence in Stuttgart or Munich you will consult multinational clients in cross-border and complex problems. You will take on a wide variety of tasks:
Conception and implementation of digital transformation projects with a focus on accounting and reporting processes as well as intercompany accounting within the SAP S/4HANA environment
Consulting of the finance organization to implement efficient finance processes as well as digitalization of business processes in NextGen-ERP-systems - from strategy development, concept preparation and process design to the optimization and implementation
Specialized consulting services in an international environment to solve complex problems in in-house accounting, interlocked with the respective logistics, controlling and accounting processes
Involvement in the development of innovative services and preparation of turnkey solutions for clients
Responsibilities for project progress and technical leadership of teams
What you can contribute – skills for shaping the future
University degree in economics
Years of relevant experience in consulting and collaboration with substantial, complex clients; ideally with a specialization in intercompany accounting and operational transfer price questions
Deep understanding of functional problems in internal and cross-border processes
Very good application and implementation capabilities in one or more of the following technologies: SAP S/4HANA, SAP Central Finance, SAP Module FI/CO, SAP PaPM, Blackline produccts, Anaplan
Exceptional communication skills in German and English
What we are offering – an inspiring work environment
We know that exceptional service for our clients starts with highly satisfied and motivated people. That's why we offer our employees a wide range of benefits: from flexible working and international assignments to education and trainings, sport and leisure programs, employee discounts and retirement plans.
Find out more here about the many benefits to which you are entitled as employee at EY.
Want to lead change? Become part of our team.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates