Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Senior Product Owner – Personalization Offboard (all genders)- Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V704
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
Our backend teams are developing and optimizing connected services and intelligent cloud applications running in the cars. We are looking for a passionate Product Owner with a pioneering spirit for Personalization Offboard team.
As a Product Owner, you will be guiding each step of the products lifecycle from the idea to production in Personalization Domain. Personalization Offboard team provides profile related features using edge cloud technology to create a holistic experience for our MBUX customers.
Sneak preview of your future tasks
Lead definition of features for the Product Backlog
Support teams in understanding the features being defined in the Product Backlog
Make sure the high level plan is aligned with customer needs and accepted by the stakeholder
Lead identification of dependencies between features and maintain a visualization of system’s anatomy
Ensure profitability, Return of Investment (ROI) for the feature set being part of the Product Backlog
Define and maintain mapping between features and feature teams
Lead milestone planning workshops with customers on a need basis
Lead the communication of milestone planning aspects, milestone goals and feature scope to team members
Work with other Product Owners for each development team in discussions with the customer about requirements compliance, user stories and acceptance tests.
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education:
 •    Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Electrical Engineering or a comparable qualification
 Experience:
 •    At least 3 years of experience in the area of In-Vehicle Infotainment Systems and Leading Automotive Projects
 •    At least 3 years of experience in developing complex software products in the series production, e. g. automotive, aviation, etc.
 •    Understanding of challenges and constraints within the automotive domain and processes (e.g. Automotive SPICE, ASIL, data protection)
 •    Understanding of QA and Test Processes
 •    Understanding of both Agile (e. g. Scaled Scrum Frameworks) and Classic Waterfall Development Processes
 •    Orientation and Communication within Larger Organizations
 •    At least one complete project life cycle (including operations)
 Nice to have:
 •    Feature domain expertise knowledge such as embedded & cloud automotive functions, Connectivity, Tuner, Vehicle infotainment, Navigation etc.
 •    Software architecture know how
 •    Know How in at least one programming language, e.g. C/C++, Python, Java, Go
 •    Open-Source Background
 Personal Skills:
 •    Good understanding of end customer needs
 •    High degree of flexibility, willingness to travel
 •    Well-developed communication and team work skills, even though tough situations
 Langauge:
 •    Fluent in English, German proficiency is a plus
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. 
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.