Jobs by email
sonnen GmbH
Technical Training and Compliance Specialist (f/m/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Technical Training and Compliance Specialist (f/m/d)
Standort: Berlin, BE, DE Home Office, DE
Stellen-ID: 3971
At the earliest date possible we are looking for support for our #teamsonnen
Clean and affordable energy for all is one of the greatest challenges of our time. Sonnen has been committed to this mission since 2010 and is now represented in Europe, the USA and Australia with over 1,000 team members globally. In Germany, our offices are located in the beautiful Wildpoldsried (Allgäu) and the vibrating heart of Berlin Kreuzberg.
At sonnen, we are building the energy system of the future. To this end, we are developing new technologies and business models that have not existed before. Whether intelligent power storage, virtual power plants or digital services - we set the trends of a new energy world. That means, among other things, the inexpensive production and storage of renewable energy and the intelligent networking of producers and consumers. sonnen thereby gives people around the world the opportunity to become independent of fossil fuels and conventional energy supplier.
We are growing steadily and are looking for people who want to join us in our vision of clean and affordable energy for all while making a positive impact on climate change.
What you will do to help drive energy transition:
You develop technical installation training curricula for the partners in Europe, in cooperation with Product Development and Global Service departments.
Oversee, maintain, and expand the training material of our Learning Management System, focusing on the specific requirements of the European countries where we have business interest.
Create training material, webinars and conduct education and training sessions for our internal team of Technical Support Specialists.
You are the central interface to the Distribution System Operators (DSO) in the specific countries of Europe when it comes to the requirements for installing and registering our products.
Stay up-to-date on the electrical connection requirements and regulations where we have active products distribution, and prepare the required documentation to prove technical compliance of our products.
Maintain reliable and constant communication with the regulatory entities of the countries in Europe where we have business interest, and provide them with the required documentation to have our portfolio of products compliant for installations.
You are in constant contact with development and product management in order to be able to react to country-specific certification and registration requirements at an early stage.
What you will need for that journey:
A Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in a technical or science field. Alternatively, you have a technical studies/training with several years of relevant professional experience in the mentioned tasks.
You have at least 3+ years expertise in Solar industry (inverters, storage)
You are passioned about Energy Storage and Renewable Energy.
You have excellent communication, public speaking and facilitation skills.
You are a problem solver who enjoys a challenge and never gives up until a problem is fixed.
Ability to prioritize, schedule, and meet deadlines.
You love to work both independently and within a team.
Experience with CRM systems, case/ticketing systems.
Excellent customer and service orientation combined with good communication, team skills, and social competence.
Fluent English (written and oral) is required (additional languages are an advantage – German, Spanish, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, French, etc.)
Willingness to travel within Europe.
What you can expect at sonnen:
An atmosphere of openness, tolerance and mutual respect, where innovation is expected and encouraged
The option of working full- or part-time for every position
30-32 days annual vacation with increasing team membership
Leasing of company (e-)bikes with up to 40% discount
Flexible working hours and option working mobile
Mental health and wellbeing offering for you and your family members
Free German, English as well as online yoga and body art courses
Soft drinks, fruits and cereals in our offices
Use of sports memberships (EGYM Wellpass, only €29.75/month) and discounts for other services and products
Employee discount on our electricity tariff
Regular team and company events
We love dogs! You too? Feel free to bring your fellow friend to our offices
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
sonnen GmbH
10961 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.