Jobs by email
Hapag-Lloyd AG
Director (m/f/d) Finance Master Data and Finance Systems
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Einleitung
Food, machinery or T-shirts: Hapag-Lloyd moves goods around the globe with over 250 container ships. We connect more than 600 ports on all continents and are one of the largest liner shipping companies. More than 13,000 employees work on board, ashore or in one of our 350 offices. Together, we transport around 12 million containers per year. Our corporate values "We care. We move. We deliver" serve as coordinates on our way. They guide our collaboration with each other as colleagues and with our customers to achieve the best possible quality. In the long run, we are committed to climate and environmental protection as well as human rights and many other social issues.
Your responsibilities:
Design and implementation of finance master data processes as part of Hapag Lloyds S4 Finance Transformation Program
Design and implementation of Finance Master Data Governance Structures based on Master-Data-Governance FINANCE (MDG-F)
Responsible for the further development and operation of finance master data processes
Contribute to the design and implementation of Business Partner (customer, supplier) master data processes
Leading two small teams on finance processes and systems
Carry out problem analysis, troubleshooting and escalation in problem management, proactively identify errors and optimize processes 
Your profile:
Several years of practical experience in in implementation of financial master data processes and master data concepts in the SAP ERP environment
Experience in using or implementing common master data management tools (like SAP MDG)
Knowledge on customer and/ or supplier master data processes in the SAP ERP environment
Proven knowledge in process analysis, optimization, and harmonization of SAP master data
Experience in leading people in a cooperative manner
Good understanding of SAP data model and customizing as well as a high technical affinity and interest in new SAP technologies  
Experience in Change Management processes in a global environment
Strong communication skills in English and German in combination with team spirit and high sense of responsibility
Experience in (agile) project management as well as in the cooperation between business and IT department
Quick comprehension and high willingness to learn 
We offer:
The opportunity to introduce solutions that you are personally convinced of, and to constantly take on fresh challenges with a distinguished level of responsibility
Excellent career development opportunities, supported by a wide range of training and development courses
Competitive remuneration and benefits, as well as a permanent employment contract with a financially healthy company
Company restaurant with constant varying, high-quality dishes to choose from as well as coffee bar
Centrally located between the main train station and Jungfernstieg as well as subsidized public transportation
Hybrid work model: 3 days a week at our headquarters in the heart of Hamburg and 2 days a week of mobile work
Health and company sports programs (e.g., yoga, sailing, company doctor, etc.) as well as bicycle leasing
#hapaglloyd
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Hapag-Lloyd AG
Ballindamm, 20095 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates