Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Simulation Lead Architect (d/f/m)
Manching
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
We develop top notch, high fidelity Engineering and Training Simulations for a variety of aircrafts, supporting the entire development lifecycle. We are looking for a Lead Architect for the EF Full Flight Simulator and future Training Simulator developments in Manching. You will be responsible for defining and implementing complex simulation architectures for our training and engineering simulators. Most of our projects are being run within an international environment and require close collaboration and coordination with colleagues from other countries and partner companies.
Your tasks and responsibilities shall be:
Technical authority for the System
Design and implement complex architectures for training simulation solutions
Develop suitable system and software architectures that support high-level operational and system requirements from various stakeholders
Develop suitable system design on system and sub-system level
Develop and maintain software architectures of existing products
Define work break down structures and individual work packages
Design and agree interfaces with the programs
Interface with other stakeholders and agree interfaces to them
Support Systems Engineers in translating the architectures into requirements
Support issue solving processes through reviews of proposed solutions and implementations
Lead the bid process for simulation work packages
Support Bid/noBid processes and proposals
Main Activities:
Preparation of System Requirements Manuals.
Production of formal requirements specification for the System of Interest, as well as the artefacts to document such specifications.
Be responsible for Tools Setup & Training.
Derive, from requirements defined from the surrounding system and high-level architectural principles, the technical requirements that will be the basis for designing the system parts (the complete solution, a system or an element).
The Lead Technical Activities involves regularly communicating expectations to the team, assessing and coordinating team activity towards these expectations and then considering any management activity necessary in refinement and progression of the plan. 
The purpose of the Define and Analyse Design process is to provide sufficient detailed data and information about the system and its elements to enable the implementation consistent with architectural entities as defined in models and views of the system architecture.
Required Skills:
Bachelor or higher degree in software development, aeronautical engineering or a similar discipline
Overall more than 10 years of experience within Engineering
More than 5 years of experience as a systems architect
More than 5 years of  experience in software development
Hands-on proven simulation & software architecture track record
Experience in military training systems/simulators engineering and design
Experience in System Integration Verification & Validation
Experience in the aviation / simulation / defence industry would be beneficial
Experience in Airbus defence aircraft programs (Eurofighter, A400M, Eurodrone, ...) would be beneficial
Excellent English (negotiation level)
Excellent German (negotiation level)
Related Products & Technologies:
Hardware / Software in the Loop (HILS/SILS)
Virtual Engineering
Training Simulators
Test Support Systems and Simulation Frameworks
Synthetic Environments
Distributed Systems
Visual Display Systems / Image Generation
Sound systems
Architecture design software
Programming languages: C++, C, python
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Manching, Deutschland