Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
Data Science Team Lead (m/f/d)
Dusseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Introduction
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading online job platforms, we help everyone to find the right job. Therefore, we need you! 
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a talented Data Science Team Lead Data Labs (m/w/d) to drive research projects in our Data Labs team in Dusseldorf or London.  
You will work with data scientists, machine learning / data engineers, and other experts from the Data Labs to advance what’s possible in jobtech. Together with product teams and data scientists from across the organisation, you will help us shape how jobseekers find their next career step and how employers find their next talent. 
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies 
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. 
Please let us know, if we e.g. should use a gender neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process. 
We are always interested in working with great people. Just click the "I'm interested" button - we look forward to meeting you! 
Your Tasks
Responsibilities:
You help building a diverse and inclusive team with a productive and fun culture of top talent   
You actively identify & lead data science initiatives and support your team to effectively design and execute research  
You guide your team regarding methods, infrastructure and/or software engineering for our machine learning products  
You support the professional development of other data scientists and mentor them, helping develop new skills across the data science chapter  
You participate in and contribute to our data science community (hackathons, trainings, peer2peer exchange formats) 
You work with experts from data science, economics, and data ethics to understand economical and sociological implications of our algorithmic products.  
Your Profile
SKills:
Coaching and mentoring experience in an empirical research environment (defining hypotheses, designing experiments to test them, and understanding how to analyse the outcomes) - previous experience regarding project or team management is a plus  
Ability to clearly present projects and results to business stakeholders & data scientists  
Deep understanding of data science, e.g. from previous hands-on work as a data scientist or close collaboration in data science projects  
Enjoy working in interdisciplinary, collaborative environments  
Experience with one or more of the tools used in the team (Current NLP frameworks, SageMaker or other AWS tools, Docker, Airflow) is a plus  
Drive to understand the ethical and economic implications of your work 
Your Benefits
Our location? In Hamburg Hoheluft!  For you that means we're easy to reach - whether by train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably (after one year of employment).
Fancy a coffee? Our coffee is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day.  
Are you into fitness? Great! You can keep fit in our small fitness room for your sporting activities. 
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
We support you: We want you to become part of the StepStone family as quickly as possible! That is why we will support you with all the formalities during the visa process.
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally.  
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues.  
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays.  
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off.  
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role.  
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office.  
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentive trips, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too! 
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates