Jobs by email
Continental AG
IT Solution Architect - Engineering Applications (m/f/diverse)
Eschborn
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary. 
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our area Automotive Operations at the location Eschborn or Regensburg.
The position holder (m/f/diverse) assumes responsibility to define and create a “big picture” of a consistent and robust “to-be” Enterprise Architecture (functional architecture, application and data architecture cross-discipline) aligned with the business development strategies and process framework. This covers the functional areas of System, Software, Electronics, Mechanics, Project and Process Management. The major activities focus on Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and Application Lifecycle Management (ALM).
The IT Solution Architect (m/f/diverse) needs to understand the engineering business processes and needs to interact in a complex worldwide organizational environment with the different disciplines in IT, Quality and Business Units.
Your tasks will focus on the following activities:
Providing a high-level data architecture view across applications, projects, technologies, strategies and demands provided by engineering applications for the engineering community of the business units (this includes worldwide consulting in the field of expertise)
Translating business needs into data and system requirements
Defining the data strategy by translating business requirements into technical requirements, which become the basis for internal data standards and policies
Defining the data architecture, including standards for data models, metadata, security, reference data
Defining a structure that decision makers can use to create, improve, and optimize data systems
Defining data flows that govern which data is consumed respectively provided by the different parts of the organization
Defining the required architecture technologies to deliver cost-effective results
Preparing architecture decision for IT and Business by planning high level “strategic changes” of the enterprise architecture and providing a concept to move from an “As Is” to a “To Be” architecture
Establishing architecture thinking and data centric mind set in the organization by implementing state of the art methodologies used in the industry (e.g. TOGAF and Archimate)
Qualifications
Academic degree in the field of engineering, computer science or equivalent qualifications
Several years of professional experience in the Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and/or Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) environment
Experience in the field of architecture development of complex systems
Experience in TOGAF Architecture Development Method 
Experience with Big Data/Hadoop/NoSQL, Visualization and reporting tools, data profiling analysis and transformation & experience of Cloud Data technologies, solutions and future Cloud Data Strategies considered as a plus
Experience in architecture languages and methods (SysML, UML, SOA, Archimate) as well as experience in dealing with architecture case tools (Rhapsody, SPARX EA, PlanningIT)
Sound understanding of how to derive a data model from the different architecture layers
Knowledge in tool suites like ALM (e.g. IBM Jazz) or PLM (e.g. PTC Windchill) considered as a plus
Fluent English language skills (written and spoken)
Entrepreneurial behavior in a complex and international environment as well as excellent communication and negotiation skills
Willingness to travel 
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits.
Click here to find out more.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Ludwig-Erhard-Straße 28, 65760 Eschborn, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -