Jobs by email
ZEISS
Lead Data Scientist (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data Science and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. As an experienced Data Scientist, you will develop state-of-the-art analyses and models together with the ZEISS business units and provide advice and support to the rest of the team. In addition, you will take the lead in driving our research and development topics. This includes liaising with our academic partners at several high-profile German universities, writing grant applications for external funds and supervising student interns. You will actively contribute to the exchange of knowledge within the team and the wider ZEISS machine learning community.
Your Role
Technical Leadership and responsibility for machine learning development
Development and (re)-training/optimization of algorithms and AI software components as well as their integration into digital products.
Testing of algorithms and AI software components (unit test, end-to-end test, performance test, non-regression test); operation and (automated) documentation of the developed components.
Presentation and illustration of results in user-friendly language; calculation and presentation of the success and profitability of the new components (monitoring of use in the field by customers).
Guidance of software developers and system integrators to set up the data acquisition, training, and processing processes (interaction of the components) in the final product.
Support in the ideation process (design thinking) for the development of the digital roadmap, especially regarding artificial intelligence.
Research on new methods in the field of artificial intelligence, exchange with internal and external experts in this field; appearance and contribution to scientific forums and conferences.
Examination of patents in the field of AI and collaboration in the generation of new patents for ZEISS.
Active knowledge transfer through supervision, technical talks and technical guidance
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree (ideally a PhD) in natural science, mathematics, computer science, engineering or similar
At least 5+ years of professional experience in a data modeling, algorithm development or data science role
At least 2+ years of experience mentoring or supervising students or young professionals
Experience in applied machine learning research (e.g. federated learning, weakly supervised models, model robustness, etc.)
A deep understanding of applied mathematics, machine learning and their underlying concepts and algorithms
An active interest in current machine learning developments, both academic and applied
A background in software engineering (python, julia) and familiarity with agile software development (git, Azure DevOps)
The ability to understand customer needs and solve real-world problems
Strong communication, presentation and project management skills
Fluent English and advanced German language skills
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.