Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Services GmbH
Network Specialist (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Network Specialist (m/f/d)
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY: Knorr-Bremse Services GmbH München | REQUISITION ID: 2800 | Full-time | Regular 
YOUR TASKS
Ensure LAN/WLAN operations for the Campus Munich on industry level based on best practice processes and project management in the area of IT infrastructure in general
Designing, implementation and continuous optimization of the end-to-end network solutions and network security for excellent end user experience and efficiency, with a special focus of the LAN/WLAN Campus Munich; project driven leverage of synergies and cost efficiency by centralization and standardization
Maximizing workplace and network performance through ongoing monitoring and troubleshooting including network security, client environment, LAN, WLAN
Coordination of LAN/WLAN requirements, network security, implementation and lifecycle management
Incident, problem and change management in a complex security environment including on-site availability for the Campus Munich
Reporting network status to key stakeholders, especially local IT
Continually improving of flexible IT concepts and strong implementation support for relocations and expansions of the Campus Munich
Support of the local IT on troubleshooting and projects
YOUR PROFILE
Degree in computer science, comparable subject area, or adequate work experience; proven record in medium or large enterprises
Language proficiency in German and English (minimum C1 level)
At least three to five years experience in customer networks
End user consulting experience, experience knowledge in project management
Distinct customer or end user orientation and corresponding experience mandatory; deep experience in CISCO networks (Catalyst/Nexus, UCS, Cisco Wi-Fi 6), IP telephony and Office 365 Suite (esp. MS Teams telephony); ability to work independently 
Understanding and experience with network monitoring (e. g. Riverbed, SteelCentral, Aternity, Cisco DNA center, Cisco Prime, l, Solarwinds, SmokePing, MRTG) and network protocols, services and technologies like BGP, OSPF, IP/MPLS, QoS, MPLS traffic engineering, multicast, SD-WAN and NAT
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Services GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -