Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Quality Scientist (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data & Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS
Within the Enterprise Data Management Team of our rapidly growing Data & Analytics organisation, you will help our business units to increase the quality of data and to ensure the data is fit for purpose
You will communicate with stakeholders and subject matter experts to identify and resolve data quality issues
You will collaborate with Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Product Owners and Partners to develop, deploy, and operate tools and services for data quality monitoring and data cleansing
You will explore relevant technologies and best practices and contribute to the shaping of the company's data quality strategy
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree (PhD is a plus) in natural science, mathematics, computer science, engineering or similar
2+ years professional experience in a software development, data modelling, data engineering, data science, scientist, or similar role
Strong development skills in Python/PySpark and SQL
Fluent English language skills
Excellent communication skills and the ability to analyse business needs together with various stakeholders
A passion for exploring new technologies as well as advancing data platforms and data products
You are open-minded, flexible and interested in working in an Agile team
Experience with development or application of data quality solutions,
Knowledge of professional software development methods and familiarity with agile software development
Experience with Cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure), modern BI tools (Power BI), or enterprise software (SAP, Salesforce) would be a plus
Advanced German skills would be a plus.
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Annett Burger, Markus Repp
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.