Jobs by email
ETAS
Solution Seller for Vehicle Cloud Solutions (f/m/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to ETAS
Founded in 1994, ETAS GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Robert Bosch GmbH with international sales offices in Europe, North and South America, and Asia. ETAS' portfolio includes vehicle basic software, middleware, and development tools for the realization of software-defined vehicles. „Empowering Tomorrow’s Automotive Software“ – all our product solutions and services are focused on this to enable vehicle manufacturers and suppliers to develop and operate software-defined vehicles with increased efficiency. Holistic cybersecurity solutions in the automotive sector are offered via the ESCRYPT brand.
The ETAS GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
You will drive and successfully close strategic Mobility Cloud opportunities and acquisition projects in close alignment with solution field experts and account managers through engaging with key business and technical contacts, understanding customers' use cases and technology priorities, and imparting the value proposition of our solutions.
Work with solution and product field managers, account managers and other stakeholders in defining, implementing, and executing go-to-market strategies for Mobility Cloud Solutions/Software defined Vehicle solutions.
Leverage core stakeholders (field application engineers, product management, system architects, engineering, marketing, partners) to succeed in acquisition projects and coordinate them as necessary
Communicate confidently with all levels at the customer including upper management to articulate our value proposition and how ETAS can enable the customers' use cases.
Identify customer's business and technology challenges and bring them to agreement on ETAS' offering and value proposition - including briefing on relevant industry use cases, demos, proof of concepts.
Drive opportunities in alignment with the solution field and the responsible account manager, orchestrating key resources consisting of technical roles and partners, escalating issues for internal business and technical teams, and providing status updates on key opportunities.
Your profile
Education: BSc/MSc in science, engineering, or an equivalent education
Personality: a result-oriented individual with a positive can-do attitude and a pronounced customer-centric mindset; goal-oriented, organized team player with the ability to overcome and work around problems that are inevitable in rapidly growing businesses
Working Practice: strong negotiation, problem-solving and decision-making skills; ability to convey complex information in a simple and clear language and to offer clear and understandable responses to customer's requirements and concerns
Experience and Knowledge: proven track record in a customer-facing position with a strong technology-related context; experience with complex sales methodologies (e.g., Miller-Heiman, Spin selling, consultative selling) and driving new sales in complex deals using innovative approaches and utilizing internal and external networks; deep understanding of customers' use cases in the responsible solution field area and good knowledge of industry best practices and standards; demonstrated outstanding operational excellence - including opportunity management and virtual team orchestration
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ETAS
Borsigstraße 24, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -