Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJunior JAVA Developer - Graduate Hiring Program 
Junior JAVA Developer - Graduate Hiring ProgramDXC Technology
Place of work
DXC Technology, Galvaniho, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 300 - 1 400 EUR/monthThe salary amount is dependent on your professional experience and skillset
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAre you a fresh graduate or an IT student looking for career opportunities?
Would you like to grow in a global firm as a JAVA developer?
Join us!
We are looking for eager fresh graduates, ready to learn with an interest in programming. This position is available on full time basis, excellent to gain work experience while you finish up your studies.
DXC has positioned itself as one of the global players in the outsourcing market. This dynamic and growing market still offers many challenging opportunities for motivated Engineers. One of the essential success factors is the availability of excellent technical solutions and professional delivery to achieve high level of customer satisfaction.
Job Description
- Understanding functional specification and technical design
- Programing new requirements, resolving defects
- Test newly added functionalities and corrections
- Keep documentation updated
- Work under the supervision of senior colleague
Job Requirements
- Coding experiences in Java 
- The ability to learn quickly and on the job
- Fluent in Slovak and English, both written and spoken 
- Flexible and able to take challenges and ownership
- Good analytical problem-solving skills
- Self – development, self - organization
- Innovative, enhancing and optimizing
- Experiences with JEE, Spring, REST, Maria DB, Mongo DB, Oracle, JDBC, SQL, Web Services, UX , automated testing , Android apps development are welcome.
We offer you in return:
- Work in an international environment and IT experiences in different industries
- Classroom and e-learning trainings
- Professional growth and career development
- Competitive remuneration package
Join us as a JAVA Developer Graduate and start your IT career journey where we will be with you every step of the way. Employee perks, benefitsBy joining us, you gain:
- Stable employment in an international company
- Food vouchers
- Possibility of 3 days additional paid leave (total: 23 days)
- Advancement opportunities within the organization (a variety of interesting projects with the array of technologies and tools)
- Flexibility in work arrangement (hybrid or fully remote work, the home office culture is in our DNA)
- Modern and conveniently located offices and co-working spaces in Bratislava
- An onboarding buddy’s support to make you feel comfortable in our company from day one
- Multisport Card
- Workplace equipment to organize your home office (e.g., chair, additional monitor, headset etc.)
- Unlimited access to DXC University with courses from a bunch of external partners for the best learner's experience (e.g., LinkedIn Learning, Udemy)
- Access to a foreign language learning platform
- DXC Partner courses and certifications (Microsoft, SAP, ServiceNow, AWS, Google, Dell Technologies, IBM, Microfocus, Salesforce, Red Hat, VMware, Workday)
- Employee Referral Program - a financial bonus for the referrer for successful candidate recommendation
- Employee Recognition Program with points assigned by colleagues for the recognized employees (exchangeable for prizes)
- Employee Assistance Program (providing 24/7 support for employees and their families in difficult life situations)
- Opportunity to join our numerous charity and ecology-related events organized by our CSR Team (Corporate Social Responsibility)
Interested? Reach out. We will be happy to answer any questions you may have! Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) and Slovak - Upper intermediate (B2)The position is suitable for a fresh graduateYes Advertiser Brief description of the companyWith 1200+ employees DXC Technology Slovakia belongs to the biggest Slovak IT companies. DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. Our more than 130,000 people in 70+ countries are entrusted by our customers to deliver what matters most. 
We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services across the Enterprise Technology Stack to drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship. 
We are DXC.
Your career info : https://www.dxc.com/us/en/careers Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Katarina DaraniovaE-mail: 
 Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 3859409 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  29.3.2023 
    2023-03-29
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Backend developer, Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: DXC Technology   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
