Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceApplication Engineer 
Application EngineerXIMEA s.r.o.
Place of work
Lesná 52, 900 33 Marianka
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 300 - 2 000 EUR/monthstarting salary will depend on careful evaluation of your professional journey, your current skills and experience
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties.
If you are an amazing engineer and want to be a part of an amazing company, then keep reading!
Join our experienced and young at heart team, have your potential fully unfold and professional skills skyrocket. Have you always been fascinated by new technologies and awesome applications? Have you enjoyed working on your Arduino robotic coffee maker, Raspberry Pi managed hydroponic garden or other fascinating gizmos ? Do you feel passionate about the activities from the list below and want your passion to become your job? Then keep reading further!
•	Embedded platforms and applications (Arduino, Raspberry Pi, NVidia Jetson).
•	Video processing and algorithms.
•	Testing the cameras in different conditions and environments.
•	Reproducing customer's application setups
•	Identifying the cause of the problem
•	Handling communication with our customers, responding to their inquiries and analyzing their requests. Employee perks, benefits.
Not only Keanu is breathtaking. 
You are as well, and as such you deserve to work in a breathtaking environment with breathtaking people on breathtaking projects.
Some of the world's most sophisticated imaging technologies are being developed right here in Slovakia on the edge of the forest, in a picturesque and quiet place. Take a walk in the forest, have your lunch in the garden, feed the squirrels and deer if you dare (full disclaimer, seriously, don't feed the deer).
Join our dynamic and creative team to become a part of a successful international company and get involved in designing breakthrough products thus contributing from the day one. 
Get your hands on the latest tools and technologies, shaping the cameras used everywhere, from the bottom of the ocean shooting a new blockbuster movie, up to the astronaut's helmet recording a spacewalk recording.
Team-buildings, fitness coach in a private gym, biking, fruit and beverage, sick-days, home-office,... is all just a part of our common standards. Information about the selection process.
Our hiring process:
1) You read this job offer.
2) You check out the cool products we are creating at www.ximea.com and drone video of our campus here:
https://www.ximea.com/drone-video
3) You imagine how cool it would be to work at such place.
4) You let us know that you are interested.
5) We have a chat and get to know you better.
6) You come on board and verify all the truths written above.
7) You tell all your friends how amazing your life has become. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational Specializationcomputer science, informatics, electornicsLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) and Slovak - Advanced (C1)Other knowledgeC/C++ (MSVC programming/debugging) - BasicElectronics - BasicThe position is suitable for a fresh graduateYesPersonality requirements and skills•  positive attitude, enthusiasm and personal drive
•  reliability and responsibility 
•  willingness to learn, passion for improving skills and mastering new technologies
•  self-starter able to work with minimal supervision
•  sense for tidiness, discipline and organizing
•  attention to detail and strive for high-quality deliverables
•  analytical skills allowing to learn complex processes and interactions Advertiser Brief description of the company.
XIMEA is passionate about Vision.
We are designing, manufacturing and distributing a broad array of scientific and industrial cameras, and the supporting technologies around them. 
We are renowned as innovators with a dynamic and talented team, always reaching for the most challenging and visionary projects.
Our presence is boosted by offices in Germany and USA, as well as distributor network around the globe.
We regularly receive top awards amongst others from Forbes Diamanty Slovenska as an extremely healthy company with sustainable growth (https://www.ximea.com/diamanty). Number of employees25-49 employees ContactE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4317692 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  19.3.2023 
    2023-03-19
lokalita: Marianka   Pozícia: Customer Support Specialist, DevOps Engineer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: XIMEA s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
