Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie prácePython Software Engineer - Žilina 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
Python Software Engineer - ŽilinaPANTHEON.tech s.r.o.
Place of work
Žilina, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 200 - 5 500 EUR/monthdepending on the level of seniority - details for all levels see below
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesYour job will involve working on prototype projects - on something, that no one has ever done before.You will make sure that telcos, data centers, or ISPs stay up-to-date on latest technologies and in the end, contribute to a faster, more interconnected world.You might also end up contributing to open-source projects and upholding to principles of open coding and development.We require drive & a little perfectionism along the way – since we do many open source projects, anybody can have a look at your code, so make sure that you have something to be proud of.If you show knowledge in architecture, you can become an architect. Our seniors are some of the best in the industry and can teach you a lot.You can work at one of our three offices - Bratislava, Banská Bystrica or Žilina. Employee perks, benefitsWhat extras does PANTHEON throw in?Anyone can offer you a perfect team, team buildings, LAN-parties, friendly environment, table football and a place to grow. (And, of course, we do offer those too.)But the real benefits? Additional days off, 100% paid sick leave, subsidized public transport, Home Office, flexible working hours and technical education, among others. Information about the selection processHow much you can earn is directly related to how much you know. Your paycheck grows with your skills. You can start as a developer and make your way up or we can hire you directly as an expert. If you are a good team leader, we can even hire you directly for this position.Here is our tentative salary ladder (gross):SW Developer (Junior) 1500 -1800€SW Engineer 1700 - 2500€Senior SW Engineer starting at 2300€Expert/Technical Leader starting at 3000€The salary range is given in EUR. The salary is divided into a fixed and variable part (the variable part is paid in full unless the Code of Conduct is broken or work tasks are not performed). Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationITLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgePython - SkillfulThe position is suitable for a fresh graduateYesPersonality requirements and skillsBeing fluent in Python and its standard libraries.We utilize SCRUM and communicate with customers world-wide on daily basis, English is therefore a must.Knowledge of SCRUM, Client/Server architecture and Computer Networking is a huge advantage.Clean criminal record is a must.If you find our jobs interesting and fulfill the requirements, do not hesitate to send us your CV! Advertiser Brief description of the companyPANTHEON.tech is an R&D company, primarily invested in the development of network technologies and prototype software. Our mission is to interconnect the world with new technologies and year-long expertise.  
We are primarily located in Slovakia, while most of our business is oriented on Silicon Valley. You will have a creative, but demanding job - rather than coding the same thing over and over again. Our work is not easy, which is noticeable by the requirements we place on our future employees and by the complexity of our interviewing process. 
You will get to work with renowned experts and Fortune 500 companies on building the networks of the future. We are looking forward to meeting you! Number of employees100-149 employees 
 ContactContact person: Simona OrechovskáE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
ID: 4540600 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Žilina   Pozícia: Programmer, Python Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: PANTHEON.tech s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 200 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
