Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceAdobe Developer 
Adobe DeveloperIBM
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 900 - 2 500 EUR/monthSalary starting from 1900-2500 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAdobe has historically specialized in software for the creation and publication of a wide range of content, including graphics, photography, illustration, animation, multimedia/video, motion pictures, and print. Adobe offered a bundled solution of its products named Adobe Creative Suite, which evolved into a subscription software as a service (SaaS) offering named Adobe Creative Cloud. The company also expanded into digital marketing software and in 2021 was considered one of the top global leaders in Customer Experience Management (CXM). 
Are you a programmer and looking for new challenges? Do you have experience with Java or JavaScript? We will be happy to introduce Adobe to you!
As a Adobe developer at IBM, you will develop world-class solutions that help our clients move their business forward in a variety of areas - from aircraft refueling, through globally integrated ordering systems, to customer portals with loyalty programs. You will be involved in all phases of the application lifecycle, from design, coding, testing to the management of complex solutions. You will use the latest tools for application development, we will show you our best practices and you will work with internal and external colleagues.
You can work from one of our offices - our center is located in Bratislava, Banská Bystrica, and Košice, so you can choose where it suits you best.
What would be your responsibilities?
•	Gathering and analysis of requests from clients
•	Configuration, development, and implementation of business solutions based on the Adobe platform
•	Testing and troubleshooting
•	Technical documentation
•	Regular communication with the clients and consultants
What do you need for your success?
•	Fluent English
•	IT-related education
•	Experience in a similar position (application developer, programmer…)
•	Experience with one or more of the following programming languages:
-	Web development (HTML, PHP, JavaScript and CSS)
-	Software development using OOP (Apex, Java, Eclipse, .NET or similar)
•	Experience with Adobe AEM is plus
•	Ability to work independently and as a team player
What can you expect of us?
•	Salary starting from 1900-2500 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
•	Additional Days Off
•	Flexible Working Conditions
•	100% Paid Sick Leave
•	Critical Illness Insurance, Life & Disability insurance, Medical Center
•	Personal & Career Development
•	And many more: ibm.biz/benefits2021 Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Natalia KolembusovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4505944 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  20.3.2023 
    2023-03-20
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Consultant, IT/Technical Support Specialist, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 900 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
