Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceAdobe Senior Consultant 
Adobe Senior ConsultantIBM
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 800 - 3 800 EUR/monthSalary starting from 2800 – 3800 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAs a consultant, you will use your consulting skills, business, and technical knowledge to effectively integrate comprehensive technology into the business environment of our clients and to achieve the best possible business results.
Don't know Adobe? Never mind, we'll introduce it to you!
Adobe has historically specialized in software for the creation and publication of a wide range of content, including graphics, photography, illustration, animation, multimedia/video, motion pictures, and print. Adobe offered a bundled solution of its products named Adobe Creative Suite, which evolved into a subscription software as a service (SaaS) offering named Adobe Creative Cloud. The company also expanded into digital marketing software and in 2021 was considered one of the top global leaders in Customer Experience Management (CXM). 
Our Adobe team at IBM is responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining complex application components and integrating software packages using a variety of tools. That is why we are looking for a new colleague who is ready to deal with various challenges and thus meet the requirements of our customers.
You can work from one of our offices - our center is located in Bratislava, Banská Bystrica, and Košice, so you can choose where it suits you best.
What would be your responsibilities?
•	Collection and analysis of business requirements
•	Design, development and implementation of business solutions in cooperation with developers
•	Coordination and documentation of project work
•	Regular communication with clients and building of relationships 
•	Active communication with customers, business analysts and other service teams to perform common operational tasks and troubleshoot applications
What do you need for your success?
•	Fluent English
•	Advanced knowledge of HTML / CSS
•	Communication and presentation skills (written and oral)
•	Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
•	IT related education
•	Experience in a similar job position is a plus (IT consultant)
•	Ability to work independently as well as a team player
•	Experience in Adobe AEM 
What can you expect of us?
•	Salary starting from 2800 – 3800 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
•	Additional Days Off
•	Flexible Working Conditions
•	100% Paid Sick Leave
•	Critical Illness Insurance, Life & Disability insurance, Medical Center
•	Personal & Career Development
•	And many more: ibm.biz/benefits2021 Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Natalia KolembusovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4505949 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  20.3.2023 
    2023-03-20
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Consultant, IT/Technical Support Specialist, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
