Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceExperienced Data Engineer (for a unique project) 
Experienced Data Engineer (for a unique project)IBM
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
1. 11. 2021
Wage (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesYour Role and Responsibilities: 
As a team member of the Data Engineering team, you will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping its future direction. This role is inherently cross-functional and the ideal candidate will work across disciplines. We are looking for someone with a love for data and ability to iterate quickly on all stages of data pipeline. This position involves working on a small team to develop large scale data pipelines and analytical solutions using Big Data technologies. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, as well as, a belief that data driven processes lead to phenomenal products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand sophisticated systems.
 This job opportunity is for a unique partnership between IBM and Apple, related to the direct work with Apple Team in the Analytics area, with focus on Apple Music store. 
What do you need to success?  
• Experience in high level programming languages such as Java, Scala.
• Proficiency with databases and SQL is required.
• Proficiency in data processing using technologies like Spark Streaming, Spark SQL, or Map/Reduce.
• Expertise in Hadoop related technologies such as HDFS, Azkaban, Oozie, Impala, Hive, and Pig.
•  Expertise in developing big data pipelines using technologies like Kafka, Flume, or Storm.
• Experience with large scale data warehousing, mining or analytic systems.
• Ability to work with analysts to gather requirements and translate them into data engineering tasks
• Aptitude to independently learn new technologies.
Education & Experience  
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems. IBM is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Employee perks, benefitsWhat can you expect of us? 
• Salary starting from 3500 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language proficiency
• Stable job in a reputable and well-performing company
• Almost endless learning & growth opportunities (classroom based trainings and 5000 e-learning courses)
• Annual performance bonus payment
• Performance and salary evaluation on regular basis
• Subsidized meal-tickets
• Flexible working time and home office with option to borrow assets (monitor, chair)
• Three additional vacation days
• Up to three self-recovery days
• 100% sick leave compensation
• Life insurance and supplementary pension savings program
• Private medical sanatorium
• Long term career development and possibility of internal rotation
• Recommend-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
• Special IBM discounts, MultiSport card etc. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Veronika SimonovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4080591 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  16.3.2023 
    2023-03-16
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Database Analyst, Java Programmer, Oracle Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
