Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Mobile Game Developer (Unity) 
Senior Mobile Game Developer (Unity)SuperScale s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
3 800 EUR/monthOn this position we offer monthly gross salary starting from 3800 EUR. The final amount will strongly depend on your seniority, experience and skills.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesOur StoryAt SuperScale we bring games and studios to their maximum potential. With our technology and solutions we bring our partners to the level of performance their product deserves. We help them attract and retain valuable, engaged and happy users, and scale games growth to unexpected heights.We are defining a new way of running games performance, and are the provider of choice for many of the leading games studios. If you play games, you have most likely played our clients games.We are also leading the world of gaming into one of their logical and exciting developments and helping games transition to a blockchain-centric world, where NFTs and crypto co-exist with proper, interesting and engaging gaming experiences.To continue our exponential growth we are bringing-in high performing and ambitious team players, whether an avid gamer or not (we’ll show you, there will be no way back): we are a B2B tech business above anything. We are enthusiastic and gung-ho about games but super- serious about our clients-partners success.The RoleWe are working with a portfolio of legacy iOS and Android mobile games with significant volume of traffic and revenue. As part of our Full Growth Management team, you will join our experts in developing new features improving monetization, tracking and player engagement, allowing our legacy titles to reach new heights.Our games use the Unity engine with a custom C# rendering framework shared between them.We are looking for an experienced Unity game developer with a mobile background that could help lead this effort. We need to set up contribution standards, release process, quality assurance and development pipeline overall.With a portfolio of games that SuperScale maintains, your code will directly affect millions of players and can have a huge impact on company revenue.Your Responsibilities Maintains and develops new features and components for Unity-based mobile games May act as a technical lead of a small team of internal, external developers Achieves expected quality and results Thoroughly communicates expected work, plans, monitors, evaluates work results, ensures compliance with deadlines Develops, implements and enforces systems, procedures and standards in the entrusted area such as coding standards, code reviews, quality assurance and others Supports the sales department in technical due-diligence of new Full Growth Management prospects – determines resources, staffing and time required to make needed changes Identifies and evaluates trends and innovations in the entrusted area in which he/she is constantly educating himself/herself Cross-team and cross-company collaboration Maintains documentation Supports hiring activities and supplier evaluation Employee perks, benefits Tasty and rich meals at your disposal every working day at the offices 5 sick days per year Gym and showers Table tennis and table football Bike room for those friendly to the environment Spacy terrace with a wonderful view to chill with colleagues Office or work from home + flexible hours*Some benefits might differ based on the country you work from. Information about the selection processOur hiring process:1.First contact - Scheduling a call2.Discovery call3.Home assignment4.Interview5.Offer English CV is our strong preference. We will be happy if you could write a few words about yourself and your motivation to join us :) - no motivation letters are needed, simply write it in the body of your application/mail. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Experience in the position/sectormobile game developmentNumber of years of experience5Personality requirements and skills University degree in computer science Good understanding of computer science theory and computer graphics 5+ years of professional experience in mobile game development Proficiency with C#, Unity and version control systems (such as git) Experience with 3rd party SDK integration Experience with shaders is a nice to have We need you to tell us what to do, not the other way around Ability to lead by example English on an advanced level Advertiser Brief description of the companySuperScale is the only Growth Platform that is able to deliver extra double-digit growth for leading mobile and web3 gaming companies. Thanks to our proprietary AI technology and expertise we help our partners such as EA, Big Fish Games, Google, LEGO to analyze, optimize and scale business performance of their flagship titles to the levels their products deserve.
We are leading the world of gaming into one of their exciting developments and helping games transition to a blockchain-centric world, where NFTs and crypto co-exist with proper, interesting and engaging gaming experiences. Do you play games? Then you have most likely played our clients games.
We also help them attract and retain valuable, engaged and happy users, and scale games growth to unexpected heights.
We believe the key to unlocking the maximum potential of a game is understanding and improving player's experience with data so that it better caters to his or her individual wants and needs.
To continue our exponential growth we are bringing-in high performing and ambitious team players, whether an avid gamer or not (we’ll show you, there will be no way back): we are a B2B tech business above anything. We are enthusiastic and gung-ho about games but super- serious about our clients-partners success. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Tina MlynarčíkováE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4539916 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  16.3.2023 
    2023-03-16
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: C# Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: SuperScale s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
