Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceWeb-developer for map applications  Можливість для людей з України
Web-developer for map applicationsSolargis s. r. o.
Place of work
Bottova 2a, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/monthsalary can be higher, depending on a qualification of a jobholder
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties•	Development of the online interactive map applications•	Processing and visualisation of the geographic and spatio-temporal data•	Cloud oriented web-programming (AWS preferred) Employee perks, benefits•	Opportunity to contribute towards the world's transition to clean energy•	An international and diverse team. Team-building activities with colleagues based in Bratislava and colleagues working remotely.•	Participation in industry events, tradeshows, company visits. Access to training courses delivered by leaders in sales training.•	Flexible working hours and possibility of home office•	Sick days•	Free refreshments and fruit•	Budget for personal development (seminars, conferences, technical courses, language courses)•	SkyPark offices in the city centre of Bratislava, with green spaces, parking facilities for bikes and cars, free charging for electric cars, and monthly company breakfasts.•	Solargis embraces diversity and equal opportunity. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. Information about the selection processSince we expect the successful candidate to start work within a couple of weeks, for this position we can only consider EU citizens or candidates with the right to work in Slovakia. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills•      University degree in IT / geoinformatics / geomatics or similar•      Programming skills, ability to write clean and structured code•      Any experience with interactive web-apps development (JavaScript / TypeScript,       Angular or other front-end frameworks, NgRx, RxJS, Material design)•      Cartographic competence•      Motivation to work in the long-term projects•      English (technical proficiency)Previous experience in any of the domains is an advantage:•     Experience with AmazonWebServices, deployment and optimisation of the webapps in the AWS environment•	Mapping techniques in the web-based environment, webmap components such as Leaflet, OpenLayers, MapBox, TiTiler, etc.•	OGC standards (protocols WMS, WMTS, WMS-T, etc.)•	Raster data, vector data, spatio-temporal data processing and visualisation•	Geographical information systems (GIS) / geoinformatics / geomatics•	Energy, meteorology, climatology Advertiser Brief description of the companySolargis is a technology and consultancy company servicing companies involved in the development and operation of solar power plants. We provide meteorological data, energy evaluation software and technical consultancy primarily related to evaluation and management of solar power production.
Thanks to 22 years of focused research and technology developed in-house, we have become a leader in the field. We work for medium and large energy organizations from 100 countries, helping them make qualified financial decisions, improve technical design, and optimize operations. Our data products and services have become an essential part of project development of solar power plants. We also provide services for performance evaluation, monitoring and forecasting of solar power.
We are a group of geoscientists, meteorologists, engineers, programmers, data scientists, analysts and business developers focused on building and promoting a solar energy assessment platform that helps the solar power industry minimize weather-related risk and improve performance efficiency.
In our team, every member brings unique skills and expertise. We look for talented, resourceful, innovative, passionate, and friendly individuals to join our team. We offer a career that is challenging, but enjoyable, and rewarding. We will be looking forward to integrating you in our team. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Magdaléna MilováTel.: +421918720347E-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4533401 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  7.3.2023 
    2023-03-07
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Programmer, Webmaster   Spoločnosť: Solargis s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 400 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
