Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Developer in Air Traffic Management  
Software Developer in Air Traffic Management FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/monthMinimum 3 000 EUR brutto. Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWould you like to create an exciting technology and work with other enthusiastic developers in an international environment?Bratislava-based FREQUENTIS SOLUTIONS belongs to the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com), specialized in mission-critical communication and IT solutions, e.g. in air traffic control, public safety or defense.Join our team and help us make our solutions even more reliable. Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.Our Product - Tracker:To maintain safe separation between aircrafts, air traffic controllers need continuous, complete and accurate situational awareness of the traffic flows in their sector of airspace — defined as the Air Situation Picture. Surveillance Trackers are at the heart of the ground infrastructure that generates the Air Situation Picture, fusing information from different cooperative and non-cooperative surveillance data sources into one seamless view of air traffic that is continuously updated at the air traffic controllers’s working position. The Air Situation Picture is a fundamental tool for the critical task of keeping all flights safe while at the same time making optimal use of airspace capacity.Who We Are Looking For?We are looking for SW developers of all levels passionate about software development. We believe a strong foundation of data structures, algorithms, and design patterns is important. Our product line covers many diverse development areas such as distributed service-oriented architectures, low-latency telecommunications processing and high availability. Mathematical models and algorithms are key elements of business logic of the Tracker product.High quality of safety critical systems, personal and professional fulfillment and growth of our team members are our key values. If you share these values with us, become one of us!Your main responsibilities•	Taking responsibility in our SW team for development & maintenance of multi-sensor data fusion & tracking systems•	Taking a leading role in the improvement of our continuous integration / continuous delivery processes and development infrastructure•	Contributing to all phases of the software life cycle - requirements engineering, design, implementation, verification, and maintenance•	Independent development of solutions for complex topics by integrating a wide range of technologies•	Collaboration with our international project and development teams•	Collaboration with our customers worldwide on a technical levelWe offer you•	The opportunity to participate in shaping innovations and projects with your knowledge and skills from the very beginning•	Teamwork in a highly motivated, multidisciplinary team of experts•	Promotion of your personal and professional development•	An attractive salary and additional benefits. Employee perks, benefits•	Training and development program (business and product trainings, budget 500 EUR for individual language course)•	Flexible working hours, home office•	Employee Referral Program•	Refreshments, company & team events•	Meal vouchers fully reimbursed by the company.•	Contributions to the pension savings system, Multisport card. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationInformačné technológie, TelekomunikácieLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeLinux - SkillfulPersonality requirements and skills•	Completed studies in the field of computer science, physics, mathematics or a related field.•	Solid knowledge of at least one programming language (e.g. Ada, C++, Java, Python) Readiness to learn Python and Ada on demand•	Bash or Ansible scripting would be advantageous•	Experience with development tools, version management tools (such as git) and DevOps processes & tools (such as ansible, docker, jenkins).•	Experience in at least one of the following areas: networks / VLANs / routing, Linux administration & APIs, virtualisation / containerisation, SW security, CI- / CD-processes•	Commitment, creativity, independence, personal responsibility, diligence, teamwork and communication skills. Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian group FREQUENIS AG (www.frequentis.com), specialized in safety-critical voice communications, for example for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics. 
In the last couple of years this business has evolved from hardware- to software-centric solutions and Frequentis has also increasingly provided mission-critical IT solutions beyond voice communication to our customers. We follow the Scrum methodology and our applications are mostly developed in Java to the highest quality standards. 
From an engineering perspective we deploy state-of-the-art technologies and design patterns. Our solutions use JAVA and Microsoft .NET foundations, distributed architectures, low-latency telecommunications processing, real time web applications, integration platforms and high availability. Each of our solutions contains their own unique and challenging problems to solve.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our products thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our product. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place! Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Eva LajchováE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4417008 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  7.3.2023 
    2023-03-07
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
