Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceFiori/UI5 Developer   Можливість для людей з України
Unleash
Your Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Fiori/UI5 Developer 
Apply Now
Date posted: 9.3.2023
Location: Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary: 2 600 EUR/monthMotivated employees must be remunerated appropriately. The minimum salary for this important and responsible position is € 2600 gross per month (full time). The actual remuneration package will be guided by your professional experience and your qualifications, increased payment is possible.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAs an ERP UI / UX Developer you'll ensure necessary development services are provided in time, with expected high level of quality and excellent end user experience. You will ensure that the already existing developments are leveraged (best practices) and the global development standards are followed (governance). You will also act as a partner with ERP Services in the Operating Excellence, Platform and Architectural Services lines to drive continuous improvements of service processes, user experiences, infrastructure and application optimization.
Responsibilities
Ensure all development is aligned to the BPR (Business Process Redesign) program [global template standards] with regards to an aligned and streamlined development execution; ensuring that development standards / UI standards are followed
Design, build and test user interfaces that provide an excellent user experience
Accountable for developing, configuring, troubleshooting, reviewing, deploying and maintaining ERP services
Execute necessary requirements to ensure that the ERP environment delivers high-quality user experiences and development services on a consistent and supportable global platform
Support product developments, ensure all development is in alignment with the release management planning and Country deployments whilst guarding the technical architecture and landscape management
Participate in the execution and deployment of continuous improvements for the area of responsibility
Ensure that IT Service Management for Delivery Service meet the Service Level Agreements agreed with the stakeholders
Ensure that the IT environment meets all applicable regulatory, quality, legal, and compliance requirements - including licensing of software and data protection acts (DPA, GDPR, etc.)
Ensure all development is delivered in accordance with all applicable compliance requirements, e.g. JSOX, GxP
Adhere to the organization’s strategy for managing SAP systems and the policies, standards, procedures and methods necessary to implement the strategy Employee perks, benefitsWe care about your future. So we offer a retirement plan for employees, which includes up to a 3% match. You'll also have access to life insurance covering short-term and long-term disability in case of injury or death.
When in need, we'll support you. Our Takeda-sponsored individual medical plan will give you access to timely health treatment for your medical needs. We also have additional payment available for critical illnesses.
We understand mental health is also important. Counseling and support resources are available 24/7 through our assistance program for employees and immediate family members.
We want you to spend time away. We offer generous paid leave and also additional time off for maternity, paternity and parental leave.
We are committed to helping the world. You'll have the opportunity to participate in paid time away for volunteering activities.
We know there's more to life than work. we return to the office, you'll enjoy a mix of remote working and in-office collaboration in our state-of-the-art facilities. During summer we have flexible workweeks with half-day Fridays.
And some additional benefits because at Takeda, we invest in our people.
You’ll have access to:
Daily allowance for meals
Supplementary monthly payment to spend on retirement savings, educational courses, and leisure activities
Assistance for home office internet or English learning expenses Information about the selection processYour application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Personality requirements and skillsRequired
3-5 years of IT work experience with a minimum 3 years of experience in interactive design
Hands on experience in building web applications using SAP UI5 and other UI technologies is a must; including experience in web and application design
Experience with Integration Platform and tools such as SAP Process Integration (PI/PO), SAP ALE, SAP Cloud Platform Integration (CPI) is a plus.
Technical expertise in ABAP and multiple SAP solution areas such as SD, MM, PM FI, CO, etc. is key.
Development experience, including development delivery for full lifecycle implementations for major application implementation; from project initiation till handover to operations
Capable of understanding and designing of the technical solution from requirements gathering, technical design through to code level and promoting up through the SAP landscape ensuring compliance to all development and regulatory standards
Communication – ability to communicate ideas and data both verbally and written in a persuasive and appropriate manner
Data Management – ability to utilize data collection, analysis, maintenance application and refinement methods to make fact-based decisions
Analytical Skills – ability to analyze a wide variety of data and make appropriate decisions
Practice efficient time management and coordinates tasks, working in an international environment
Bachelors or other advanced degree
Tools and Technology
SAP UI5, SAP PI/PO, SAP ALE, SAP SD, SAP MM, SAP PM FI, SAP CO
Preferred
Master’s degree
In-depth Pharmaceutical industry and drug development experience
Experience with validated systems
Tools and Technology
SAP CPI Advertiser Brief description of the companyTakeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey. ContactContact person: Maria HodosiovaE-mail: send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4535429 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  9.3.2023 
    2023-03-09
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: ABAP Programmer, Backend developer, Frontend developer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Takeda   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 600 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
