Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie prácePython data engineer junior/medior (on site)  Можливість для людей з України
Python data engineer junior/medior (on site)Solargis s. r. o.
Place of work
SKY PARK Offices, Bottova, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
as soon as possible
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/monthsalary can be higher, depending on a qualification of a jobholder
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesOur team is responsible for primary data production at Solargis. We use Earth observation data from five geostationary weather satellites to estimate the solar irradiation globally. Furthermore, we continuously track the movement of clouds to forecast the solar resource dynamics in the near future. The work of our team helps customers around the world, contributes to the predictability of solar power generation and energy transition at large.•	Developing, testing, deploying, and monitoring operational software/services in on-prem Linux environment,•	Building and operating ETL pipelines processing real time data from Earth observation satellites•	Data maintenance and management, such as ensuring data integrity, completeness and backup•	Troubleshoot issues in data processing pipelines and assist in problem solving and repair•	Contributing to an overall improvement of quality, timeliness, resilience and other aspectsof the satellite-derived models and services•	Contributing to codebase dedicated to various stages of our data pipelines•	Assistance and cooperation with other team members•	Stay up-to-date on trends in the field and company priorities Employee perks, benefits•	Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses•	Flexible working hours with the possibility of occasional home office•	Sick days•	Technical growth encouraged via opportunity to participate at conferences, workshops, and courses•	Personal growth opportunities, possibility to work on different projects•	Budget for personal development (seminars, conferences, technical courses, language courses)•	Modern office located in Sky Park Offices, Bratislava, in which you can find chill areas, workout area and standing desks•	Free refreshments and fruit•	Parking in the company parking lots•	Green transportation friendly environment - bike parking lots (in building), showers (in the office), bike lanes in Sky Park proximity, EV charging stations (in building)•	Multicultural and international environment, communication in English•	Work in fast growing sector of renewable energy Information about the selection processCandidate should have EU citizenship or valid Slovak residence permit Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills•	Degree in Computer Science/Engineering/related, or at least two-year working experience in the field•	Solid programming capabilities in Python•	Good experience with Linux environment and bash•	Experience with matrix/array data structures (numpy, matlab)•	Familiar with virtual environments/conda•	Pytest or other testing framework, Git + CI/CD•	Good attention to details, diligence, and accomplishment•	Innovative thinking, strong problem solving and analytical skills•	English (at least professional working proficiency, both written and spoken)•	EU citizenship or a valid residence permit in Slovakia•	Starting date: as soon as possibleOptional / preferred:Previous expertise or experience in any of the domains is welcome:•	Airflow, Docker, Kubernetes•	Cluster or cloud computing•	Big data storage in multi-dimensional data formats (NetCDF, Zarr, TileDB, HDF5, etc.)•	Parallel, concurrent, asynchronous paradigms and coding Advertiser Brief description of the companySolargis is a technology and consultancy company servicing companies involved in the development and operation of solar power plants. We provide meteorological data, energy evaluation software and technical consultancy primarily related to evaluation and management of solar power production.
Thanks to 22 years of focused research and technology developed in-house, we have become a leader in the field. We work for medium and large energy organizations from 100 countries, helping them make qualified financial decisions, improve technical design, and optimize operations. Our data products and services have become an essential part of project development of solar power plants. We also provide services for performance evaluation, monitoring and forecasting of solar power.
We are a group of geoscientists, meteorologists, engineers, programmers, data scientists, analysts and business developers focused on building and promoting a solar energy assessment platform that helps the solar power industry minimize weather-related risk and improve performance efficiency.
In our team, every member brings unique skills and expertise. We look for talented, resourceful, innovative, passionate, and friendly individuals to join our team. We offer a career that is challenging, but enjoyable, and rewarding. We will be looking forward to integrating you in our team. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Magdaléna MilováTel.: +421918720347E-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4150511 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  7.3.2023 
    2023-03-07
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Solargis s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
