Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSAP Analytics Consultant 
SAP Analytics ConsultantIBM
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 500 - 5 000 EUR/monthbased on your skill level
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesFor our growing SAP practice in IBM Slovakia, we are searching for SAP consultants with good skills in analytic areas such as BW, BO, and SAC. Depending on the project type, the role should cover the whole process, or just the particular phases of analysis, implementation, testing, and support. Whether you are junior or senior, we are expecting someone who is fair, who has good drive, is communicative - especially towards the client, and has willing to work on assigned tasks.
The position is located in Bratislava, Kosice, and Banska Bystrica.
Do you have some of these skills?
•    SAP BW, BW on HANA, BW4HANA
•    BW Modeling Tools (Eclipse)
•    Query Designer
•    Routines - (ABAP, AMDP)
•    HANA DB + Calculation Views, SDI, SDA
•    CDS Views
•    OData
•    SAP Data Intelligence + Python
•    SAP Business Objects + SQL
•    SAP Analytics Cloud
•    SAP Data Warehouse Cloud
•    English language (mandatory)
•    German language (advantage)
Are you?
•    Team player
•    Good in communication
•    Willing to travel (time-to-time)
•    Open to progress and learn
•    Coming up with new ideas
•    Not afraid to solve problems
What can we offer?
•    Salary starting from 2000 - 5000Eur/gross, based on your skill level
•    International project, that fits your experience and needs
•    Good vibe in the team
•    Opportunity to grow-up
•    Home office and various benefits listed here ibm.biz/benefits2021
 Please, do not miss the chance to get in touch with us, just because you have missed some of the criteria. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Natalia KolembusovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4446266 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.3.2023 
    2023-03-03
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Consultant, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
