Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceCloud Engineer 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
At Cpl, we like to inspire our employees to develop, take up new challenges and achieve success. We value a lot positive working atmosphere, respect, and high quality of business relations. Therefore we have been successfully operating for 30 years and we are still developing our footprint globally.
We cooperate with global leaders in their industries, and our slogan, Work the Future, motivates us to continuous development and openness to new things. Our goal is to find the best talents for our Clients, and our Clients to find excellent employees who will help them in times of transformation.
Cpl has a huge national reach, we are headquartered in Dublin and have 48 international offices including Slovakia, Poland, Czech Republic, Germany, UK and the United States, providing maximum support to our customers around the world. We regularly leverage this network to identify and source top global talent. In early 2021, Cpl became a subsidiary company of Outsourcing Inc., a leading human resource solutions business, headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
In 2022 we have major growth plans for the Slovak Branch and are already in the process of increasing the existing structures. If you are interested in being part of our development, we would be happy to hear from you.
Currently, we are seeking for a Recruitment Consultant to join our team in Bratislava.Cloud Engineer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 - 2 800, based on experience
Information about the position A great opportunity for cloud enthusiasts to become a part of a agile global company in contact with cutting-edge technology. You can find a fully equipped modern office in Bratislava and Kosice Responsibilities: You will be involved in designing cloud services and participate in global projectsAnalyse and manage cloud use casesOperation of Openstack platformsCompute, Storage, Networking, Virtualization and ContainersIaaS, PaaS and CaaS service design (AWS)Be part of the agile and innovative team and keep up with the latest technology trendsRequirements:  Experience with private or public cloud or infrastructure, networking or system administrationKnowledge of IT infrastructure and CI/CDGood communication skills in EnglishDynamic, creative team player and quick learner  Brutto base salary will depend on the working experience, professional qualification, and skills of the candidate. Advertised amount is minimum salary which can be offered for this role and does not include bonuses, benefits, or variable part of the salary.    Not fit for this position? Refer us a friend we successfully place and receive 180/300 EUR shopping voucher! For more information, please contact me: [email protected]    Benefits:  Flexible working hours and possibility of working from homeFinancial bonuses (Annual, Christmas, performance)Transport contributionCareer and Development opportunities4 extra days offFully compensated meal ticketsContribution to 3rd pillarContribution for a new mobile phone and discounts for products  Candidate's agreement about protection of personal data By responding to this job offer, I hereby grant CPL Jobs s.r.o., domiciled at Vysoká street no. 14, 811 06 Bratislava in Slovak Republic, Identification Number: 35881895, a company registered in the Commercial Register of District Court Bratislava I, Section Sro, Insert No. 31323/B (hereinafter CPL) my consent to the processing of all of my personal data provided to CPL for the purpose of realization of the recruitment process for the job position I am applying for, or any other relevant job position in the future. I also hereby agree to the processing of data associated with my physical identity, if the data I provided include my photograph. In addition to the aforementioned, I hereby declare that all information provided is accurate, correct and up to date and agree to its provision and disclosure to third parties, primarily, to other branches of the CPL group and to clients of CPL, within the scope of the purpose for which the data was acquired, which is the realization of the recruitment process for a job position. This consent is granted until the delivery of my self-signed written appeal of this consent to CPL.  Main focus of the client's activitiesTelecommunications Requirements for the employee Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Main focus of the company's activitiesEmployment placement and personal consultancy Number of employees10-19 employees ContactContact person: Barbora BlublováE-mail: send CV[email protected]
ID: 4532000 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  4.3.2023 
    2023-03-04
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Programmer, Service Engineer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: CPL Jobs s.r.o.   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
