Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceABAP Developer (Medior/Senior) 
ABAP Developer (Medior/Senior)IT-Impulse s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/monthbased on experience and seniority
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking for new colleagues to join our teams to work with primarily German customers focused on customer-specific ABAP development. Employee perks, benefits• Familiarity of a small sized firm and security and possibilities of a large company
• +5 extra days of vacation
• 3 sick days per month
• Contribution to 3rd pillar (individual pension savings) 1 - 2,5%
• Cafeteria bonus
• Employee referral program (up to 5.000 EUR per referral)
• Yearly performance and salary review
• Jubilee gifts
• Flexible working hours
• Free language courses during working hours
Benefits available on-site:
• Comfortable and healthy work environment in a newly built, air-conditioned office space (5-7 workstations per office)
• Free bicycle garage
• Free parking space
• Free kindergarten during school holidays at the workplace
• Free health workouts every week
• Floorball and football groups
• Fruit days
• Stocked kitchen with free drinks (freshly roasted coffee)
• Massages
• Monthly breakfast club Information about the selection processPlease send us a curriculum vitae in English by e-mail and state the name of the position you are applying for.
We reserve the right to contact only those candidates who meet the requirements.Company on whose behalf the position is being filledInformation technology, computer programming, web portalsGerman customers who are oriented on the DACH region and customer-specific development. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) or German - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeABAP - ExpertSAP - AdvancedNumber of years of experience2Personality requirements and skillsYour responsibilities:
• customer-specific development 
• code analysis 
Our requirements:
• Medior - senior experience with ABAP OO 
• Fluent in English or German language
• Communication & teamwork
Nice to have:
• Knowledge of ABAP Unit, WebService, and REST API - Clean code principles
• Logistics and SAP SD Molues experience 
• Experience with BAPI, RFC, IDOC Advertiser Brief description of the companyIT-Impulse is the Software Engineering division of the international company JobImpulse GmbH with more than 9000 employees in 51 locations in 12 countries and acts as an intermediary between the IT software development department and highly qualified IT specialists on the job market.
The Slovak branch in Košice in its new headquarters with over 100 employees is looking for new colleagues for existing as well as newly created customer-dedicated teams.
http://www.it-impulse.sk
https://www.facebook.com/ITImpulseSlovakia/
https://www.instagram.com/it_impulse/
https://www.linkedin.com/company/it-impulse/The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services. Number of employees100-149 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Jana SucháE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4513546 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  4.3.2023 
    2023-03-04
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: ABAP Programmer   Spoločnosť: IT-Impulse s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
