Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceExperienced .NET dev wanted! 100% remote possible 
Experienced .NET dev wanted! 100% remote possibleTelus Agriculture & Consumer Goods
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/monthBase salary of 2000€ gross per month. Actual salary likely to be higher depending on the experience of each candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesIn Slovakia, we have the SW Development HQ for the product you will be supporting. We are working in a small teams, friendly environment, are open to ideas, improvements and even though we are a part of a corporation, we keep following simple hierarchy and have family atmosphere.
Here’s how
We develop a hosting SaaS solution running on Azure, are fans of Agile Development using Lean Development principles, not afraid of any new technologies or trends that are coming into market. Employee perks, benefits•	Annual bonus in amount of 1 month salary
•	Fully covered food coupons (6.00€)
•	Support of you learning and career development - edu portals 
        access 
•	(LinkedIn Learning, Udemy), trainings and conferences based on 
•	individual needs
•	Multisport card
•	Teambuilding and sport events
•	English language courses
•	Employee referral bonus of 1700€
•	Wide range of opportunities for your career progression
•	Jubilee gift (wedding, child birth)
•	Snacks and refreshment in the office
•	Home office or fully remote work based on agreement (this is 
        optional, based on role) Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Experience in the position/sector5Number of years of experience5Personality requirements and skillsEssential:
• Problem solving – The ability to analyse and resolv3 
   infrastructure & design application deployment 
   processes for multiple projects and customer
• .Net Framework experience
• Scripting skills: Powershell and other languages
• API Development, Microservices, stateless services with 
  at least basic knowledge of IIS
Desirable:
• Tools for CI/CD
• MSSQL Database
   DevOps Technologies
•  Azure platform and tools Advertiser Brief description of the companyTELUS Agriculture & Consumer Goods is a great place to work. You can see it in our team members. The diversity of the team and their unique contributions set us apart from the competition. Our success is based as much on our future friendly team as the innovative technology solutions we offer.
Our team members include people like you - enthusiastic, innovative, passionate and energetic. We believe that you'll find our high-performance culture personally fulfilling, professionally challenging and financially rewarding.
In Slovakia we operate under commercial name AFS Visicom Slovakia a.s. Number of employees100-149 employees ContactContact person: Simona MudrončíkováE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4531827 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.3.2023 
    2023-03-03
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, Backend developer, Frontend developer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Telus Agriculture & Consumer Goods   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
