Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJava Consultant (medior/senior)  Можливість для людей з України
Java Consultant (medior/senior)The Capital Markets Company Slovakia, s. r. o.
Place of work
Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 300 EUR/monthWage: from 2.300+ EUR + annual bonus (salary can be adjusted based on previous experience)
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties• Development of custom-build solutions based on Java SE/EE and Spring-boot
• Unit Test preparation and conduct
• Giving guidance in implementation questions
• Configuration tasks
• Change request/defect analysis
Project description:
• Our client is a FinTech company offering innovative payments solutions
• We provide the client with several consulting teams dedicated to the development, testing and implementation of the payments solutions Employee perks, benefits• The opportunity to work with experienced colleagues for prestigious banks
• The opportunity to work on different projects, no routine
• Technical training, professional certifications, as well as training focused on the development of soft skills, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
• Private health care, sick days, employee’s vacation – 25 days per year, regardless of the age
• Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services (50 EUR monthly) and/or contribution to 3rd pillar
• Fully paid meal vouchers, per diems, above prescribed government level
• Smartphone and internet with 1000 GB of data, laptop
• Flexibility to work remotely from the home office, as well as from our new office in Bratislava - Nivy Tower (Fresh fruit, relaxing zone, game room – table football, PS4)
• We care: we support the well-being of our employees (Yoga lessons available, mental health webinars, team sports activities – e.g. running challenges) as well as participation on the volunteering days
You are important to us! That's why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events. Information about the selection processPrivacy policy you can find here - https://www.capco.com/Data-privacy-notice
Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills• Hands-on professional experience in Java SE, Java EE or Spring IoC/MVC/Boot development
• Hand-on experience with Backbase technology is more than welcome otherwise willingness to get trained in Backbase is required
• Familiar with some of the following technologies: Maven, Apache Camel, Spring Security
• Understand of Design patterns and/or Architectural Blueprints
• Experience in the digital industry (e-commerce, social media and mobile)
• Agile/Scrum experience is highly valued
• Strong problem-solving skills
• Ability to quickly understand business requirements
• Frontend skills e.g. Angular 2+ or React is highly valued Our team in Capco specializes in management consulting & software development, mostly for international banks and insurance companies in western Europe. 
Do you want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit https://www.capco.com/Careers/Bratislava  Number of employees100-149 employees ContactContact person: Tomas VancoE-mail: send CV
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4512889 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.3.2023 
    2023-03-03
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Backend developer, IT Consultant, Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: The Capital Markets Company Slovakia, s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
