Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceAzure Developer to Microsoft team 
Azure Developer to Microsoft teamIBM
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 - 4 000 EUR/monthdepending on relevant experience and language proficiency
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAzure Developer to Microsoft team
Are you interested in Microsoft world and are you a developer experienced in C# .Net who is looking for new challenges? Then IBM offers you a position of Azure Developer on which you will work on the design and development of software solutions based on the client’s requirements. You will work on international projects focused on “cutting-edge” Microsoft technologies within MS Azure. Moreover, we offer you a motivating working environment as well as continuing growth in Microsoft Azure and other Microsoft technologies!
 The position is located in Bratislava, Kosice and Banska Bystrica.
What would be your responsibilities?
    • Delivery of Azure based technical solution (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS)
    • Participating on requirement gathering, analysis and technical design 
    • Active communication with the customers, developers and other service delivery teams in order to perform regular operations tasks as well as solve the application issues
What do you need for your success?
    •  Hands-on experience with Azure from commercial projects (or other cloud technologies e.g. AWS)
    •  Knowledge of Microsoft development stack, design patterns
    •  Proficient in English
    •  Strong communicator, ability to provide technical advice to client and understanding the needs of stakeholders of a regular IT project such as architects,
    • Project managers, business users and operational staff
Nice to have:
   •  Good understanding of Azure infrastructure architecture, certification is an advantage
   •  Experience with development of various Azure PaaS services and their publishing and monitoring in Azure portal 
   •  German language
What can you expect of us?
    •  Salary starting from 2200 - 4000 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language proficiency
    •  Additional Days Off
    •  Flexible Working Conditions
    •  100% Paid Sick Leave
    •  Critical Illness Insurance, Life & Disability insurance, Medical Center
    •  Personal & Career Development
    •  And many more: ibm.biz/benefits2021 Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Natalia KolembusovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 3328302 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  28.3.2023 
    2023-03-28
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, C# Programmer, CRM specialist, Programmer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 200 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
