Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJAVA Developer  (m/f)  Можливість для людей з України
Kto sme
Koho hľadáme
Čo ponúkame
Ako to u nás vyzerá
Slovak Telekom
Myslíte si, že práca u operátora je len o paušáloch a mobiloch?
U nás je to inak
Pracujem na vývoji nových technológií, ktoré posúvajú svet telekomunikácií vpred.
Tibor, špecialista rozvoja ICT infraštruktúry
Miesto práce
Bajkalská 28, Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Mzda
2 500 - 4 000 EUR/month
Pracovný pomer
full-time
JAVA Developer  (m/f) At Slovak Telekom, we are constantly improving out digital products for our clients (mobile applications, online shopping, client zone of the portal). We create solutions on the level of individual countries (Czech Republic / Slovakia) or even on the level of transnational solutions using agile delivery, automation, DevOps and the creation of new solutions using the microservices architecture.For our Digital IT Application engineering department, we are looking for Java developers, who will prepare the very heart of our applications, namely services based on microservices and their implementation on a harmonized API. If you want to participate in solutions for millions of clients, at the same time use the latest technologies and do things differently than is common in the corporate world, send us your CV.What you will do You are going to useJava version 11 and higher (minimum is version 11, but we are upgrading to version 17)- experience with Java - at least 5 years is a must Java framework Spring (Spring Data / JPA, Web / MVC, REST, Boot, Security, Cloud) and JUnit,Git versioning tools,Maven build tool,SQL - knowledge of PostgreSQL databases ( experience with SQL at least 2 years is a must)REST API and Swagger model,Kibana, Jira, Confluence,Knowledge of creating micro services and their architecture,Jenkins, Gitlab,- proven experience with Jenkins and Gitlab for at least 3years is a mustYou will also work withKafka tool, Redis, Kubernetes- we require of working with Kafa, Redis and Kubernetes for at least 5 yearsGradle build tool,Thymeleaf templates,Hibernate Java framework,JBoss application server and Liferay portal,We offer our people the best  Smartphone: Choose your phone and get a compensation of up to 900 € every 3 years.Employee tariff: Use unlimited data, call and text for lower prices for private and business purposes.Bonuses and rewards: Hard work pays off! Get rewards for your individual performance, as well as a yearly bonus of up to 15% depending on the company’s success.Telekom discounts: Enjoy the most of the lower prices of our products and services for your family and friends.Partner discounts: Enjoy lower prices of products and services with our partners.Flexible hours: Adapt your work to your needs thanks to the home-office option (according to the agreement with the manager).Shares program Shares2You: Become a shareholder of the Deutsche Telekom Group and take advantage of the associated benefits.Rest and recreation: Relax with 4 extra days off.MultiSport: Sport and relax with your loved ones for free or with discounts thanks to the discounted MultiSport card.Sick pay: If you are on sick leave for max. 2 weeks, you can count on an income of 80% of the daily assessment basis.uLekára.sk: Take care of your health with free online prevention and consultation with medical specialists for you and your family.Healthcare: Take care of your wellbeing with high-quality care for a discounted price with our contractual facility.Education and development: Broaden your horizons with our internal T-Univerzita offering a wide range of courses.Life crisis support: Is life testing you? We will support you with one-off financial support.Psychological consultations: Are you having troubles in your private or professional life? Share your burden anonymously via phone or online.Gastro card: Enjoy a delicious meal with a work-day allowance of 5.10 €.Recreational allowance: Have you been with us for 2 years? A recreational allowance is in your pocket.Pension allowance: Get ready for your retirement with a pension allowance after 3 months with us.Everyone is welcome to join usOur employees feel that they have equal employment and career development opportunities with us, regardless of age, gender and gender identity, physical and mental ability, nationality, social and ethnic origin, political views, religion and world view. This makes us very happy. We are committed to continuous improvement and to creating a safe working environment for all.What awaits youHas the job offer captured your interest? Fill in the application form and let us know about yourself.We will assess the information you send us and will get back to you under any circumstances.We will contact the chosen applicants and specify the details.A job interview is a two-way opportunity to get to know each other better.We will inform you about the result of the interview as soon as possible. Successful candidates will receive a job offer. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examinationLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Informácie o spoločnosti Brief description of the companySlovak Telekom is the largest Slovak multimedia operator with many years of experience and responsible approach to doing business. The merger of Slovak Telekom, a. s., and T-Mobile Slovensko, a. s., gave rise to a universal operator offering residential and corporate clientele benefits of a comprehensive solution provided from a single source. The company constantly introduces international know-how, innovative solutions and cutting edge technological trends to the market. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Zuzana NagyováTel.: +421911573856E-mail: send CV
mám záujem o túto pozíciu
Späť na zoznam pozícií
                                © 2019 Slovak Telekom
 Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4529497 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  1.3.2023 
    2023-03-01
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: Slovak Telekom, a.s.   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
