Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceDynamics 365 Developer for unique projects  
Dynamics 365 Developer for unique projects IBM
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 300 - 4 000 EUR/monthdepending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesDynamics 365 Developer for unique projects 
Are you ready for a change?
Do you have experience in Microsoft technologies?
If so, our Microsoft team is waiting for you! We are looking for developers with a primary focus on MS Dynamics 365. In our fast-growing team, you can work on different worldwide projects, try all Microsoft technologies, or improve your current skills while doing various MS certifications. 
We are ready to provide you supportive and motivating working environment and gratify you with our benefits!
The position is located in Bratislava, Kosice, or Banska Bystrica.
What would be your responsibilities?
    •Requirements gathering and analysis
    •Configuration and development
    •Testing and deployment
    •Supporting and maintenance
    •Active communication with the customers, developers and other service delivery teams in order to perform regular operations tasks as well as solve
    •The application issues
What do you need for your success?
    •Hands-on experience with Dynamics CRM or AX or Dynamics 365 from commercial projects
    •Advanced knowledge of the Dynamics CRM or AX or Dynamics 365 platform and related technologies
    •Knowledge of Microsoft development stack
    •Experience in programming at least 3 years (C#, .NET)
    •Proficient in English, German is nice to have
    •Strong communicator, ability to provide technical advice to client and understanding the needs of stakeholders of a regular IT project such as architects,
    •Project managers, business users and operational staff
What can you expect of us?
    •Salary starting from 2300 - 4000 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
    •Additional Days Off
    •Flexible Working Conditions
    •100% Paid Sick Leave
    •Critical Illness Insurance, Life & Disability insurance, Medical Center
    •Personal & Career Development
    •And many more: ibm.biz/benefits2021 Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Natalia KolembusovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4049335 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  28.3.2023 
    2023-03-28
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, C# Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
