Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceFront end developer - junior/medior  Можливість для людей з України
Front end developer - junior/mediorSolargis s. r. o.
Place of work
Bottova 2a, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
As soon as possible
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/monthsalary can be higher, depending on the qualification of the jobholder
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties• Development (coding) of new functional features and maintenance of a code in operations• Debugging and resolving software defects• Maintaining high standards for code quality, and ability to refactor for optimized solutions• Cooperation with other team members in the spirit of consistent and agile development• Contribution to the development of innovative principles and ideas• Participation in regular solution design sessions to analyze options and benefits• Accurately assess effort to complete work• Code documentation• Staying up to date on IT trends and company priorities Employee perks, benefits• Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses• Flexible working hours with possibility of occasional home-office• Technical growth encouraged via opportunity to participate at conferences, workshops, courses• Personal growth opportunities through challenging tasks and responsibilities• Sick days• Benefits in the workspace include free tea, coffee, non-alcoholic drinks and fruit• Budget for personal development by the means of attending seminars, conferences and courses• Language courses Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationIT or similar (e.g. FEI, FIIT, Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills• University degree in IT or similar (FEI, FIIT, MatFyz,…)• Development, testing and operation support of frontend (mostly cloud-based) applications• Experience in the following languages/technologies:JavaScript / TypeScripAngular or other front-end frameworksState management library (NgRx)Test framework (Jest)• Experience with (Nice to have):RxJSSASSMaterial design• Experience with multiple programming paradigms• Basic testing experience with Cypress and Jest is an advantage• Experience with agile development• Communication skills in English• Occasional travelling to conferences and other technical events Advertiser Brief description of the companySolargis is a technology and consultancy company servicing companies involved in the development and operation of solar power plants. We provide meteorological data, energy evaluation software and technical consultancy primarily related to evaluation and management of solar power production.
Thanks to 22 years of focused research and technology developed in-house, we have become a leader in the field. We work for medium and large energy organizations from 100 countries, helping them make qualified financial decisions, improve technical design, and optimize operations. Our data products and services have become an essential part of project development of solar power plants. We also provide services for performance evaluation, monitoring and forecasting of solar power.
We are a group of geoscientists, meteorologists, engineers, programmers, data scientists, analysts and business developers focused on building and promoting a solar energy assessment platform that helps the solar power industry minimize weather-related risk and improve performance efficiency.
In our team, every member brings unique skills and expertise. We look for talented, resourceful, innovative, passionate, and friendly individuals to join our team. We offer a career that is challenging, but enjoyable, and rewarding. We will be looking forward to integrating you in our team. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Magdaléna MilováTel.: +421918720347E-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4502978 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  1.3.2023 
    2023-03-01
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Javascript Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Solargis s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 200 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
