Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceBack end developer senior  Можливість для людей з України
Back end developer seniorSolargis s. r. o.
Place of work
Bottova 2a, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
as soon as possible
Wage (gross)
3 300 EUR/monthsalary can be higher, depending on the qualification and experience of a jobholder
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties●     Development (coding) of new functional features and maintenance of a code in operations●     Debugging and resolving software defects●     Maintaining high standards for code quality, and ability to refactor for optimized solutions●     Cooperation with other team members in the spirit of consistent and agile development●     Contribution to the development of innovative principles and ideas●     Participation in regular solution design sessions to analyze options and benefits●     Accurately assess effort to complete work●     Code documentation●     Staying up to date on IT trends and company priorities. Employee perks, benefits●	Participation in development of the top notch software products in the green energy industry●	Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses●	Flexible working hours and possibility of home office – based on team agreement●	Sick days●	Technical growth encouraged via opportunity to participate at conferences, workshops, and courses●	Personal growth opportunities, possibility to work on different projects●	Budget for personal development (seminars, conferences, technical courses, language courses)●	Modern office located in SKY PARK offices in Bratislava where you can find chill areas and workout area●	Free refreshments and fruit●	Parking in the company parking lots●	Green transportation friendly environment - bike parking lots (in the building), showers (in the office), bike lanes in SKY PARK proximity, EV charging stations (in building)●	Multicultural and international environment, communication in English Information about the selection processCandidate should have EU citizenship or valid Slovak residence permit. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationIT or similarLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills●     University degree in IT●     Experience with multiple programming paradigms●     Experience or knowledge of technologies of this backend technology stack: AWS (Lambda, S3, Cloudfront, API Gateway), Heroku, Node.js (TypeScript), NoSQL databases (AWS DynamoDB, MongoDB)●     Experience or knowledge of some of front end technologies is an advantage: Angular 11, RxJS, NgRx, Cypress●     Testing experience with Jest is an advantage●     Knowledge of Linux●     Experience with agile development●     Good analytical skills●     Ability to write clean and structured code●     Testing and support of operation●     Communication skills in English Advertiser Brief description of the companySolargis is a technology and consultancy company servicing companies involved in the development and operation of solar power plants. We provide meteorological data, energy evaluation software and technical consultancy primarily related to evaluation and management of solar power production.
Thanks to 22 years of focused research and technology developed in-house, we have become a leader in the field. We work for medium and large energy organizations from 100 countries, helping them make qualified financial decisions, improve technical design, and optimize operations. Our data products and services have become an essential part of project development of solar power plants. We also provide services for performance evaluation, monitoring and forecasting of solar power.
We are a group of geoscientists, meteorologists, engineers, programmers, data scientists, analysts and business developers focused on building and promoting a solar energy assessment platform that helps the solar power industry minimize weather-related risk and improve performance efficiency.
In our team, every member brings unique skills and expertise. We look for talented, resourceful, innovative, passionate, and friendly individuals to join our team. We offer a career that is challenging, but enjoyable, and rewarding. We will be looking forward to integrating you in our team. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Magdaléna MilováTel.: +421918720347E-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4139817 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  1.3.2023 
    2023-03-01
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Programmer   Spoločnosť: Solargis s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
