Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceData Scientist 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Data ScientistDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            040 11 Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesPurpose
Data scientist is conducting statistical analyses with support of machine learning techniques, and supports integration of results from analyses into existing solutions and business processes (determination of trends, patterns, prediction models).
Summary
Independently prepare analyses for the decisions regarding the fiber network planning with a view to the market and technology. Use of various data platforms and sources in the company and application of data analysis methods for decision-making. Presenting the results to stakeholders. 
Key accountabilities
Advanced data analysis method: use of various databases, mastery of relevant query languages, especially SQL
Independent development of analysis models; programming skills in programming languages relevant to data analysis (Python, Pandas, R, Java, JavaScript, etc.)
Creating visualizations/dashboards in Power-BI and MicroStrategy with regards to current data sets.
Create and present decision templates based on analyzed data to management
Knowledge of agile and classic project management methods
Important notice
Due to legal regulations a successful candidate must perform the work (even if remotely) from the area of Slovak Republic. Wage (gross)2 000 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2000 € /brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Personality requirements and skillsExperience
ICT Data Analysis - 2 years
IT Technical Skills
Design of Data Models - Advanced
Data Analytics - visualization - Advanced
Logical Data Modeling - Advanced
Programming, scripting - Advanced
Statistical Analysis and Measurement - Advanced
Soft skills
Analytical thinking
Cross-functional Collaboration
Strategic Thinking
Ability to Innovate
Languages
English - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Iveta PribulováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4509103 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  24.3.2023 
    2023-03-24
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Database Administrator, Database Analyst, IT Analyst, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
