Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceFront-End Application Developer + 1000 eur brutto Sign on Bonus (REF280Q) 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Front-End Application Developer + 1000 eur brutto Sign on Bonus (REF280Q)Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesPurpose
Develops new and maintain existing source code of  based applications in programming language like Java, ASP.Net or C#  based on requirements of  internal or external customers. These applications support usually automation of business processes.
Works independently or in project team on developing  and building  application for customer usage.
Does not necessarily require senior developer’s support , can handle all phases of  software development  lifecycle by himself, especially for small or midsize applications. For junior developers serves as basic mentor.
Key accountabilities
•Listen to user requests, consult with internal /external customers, assist in gathering requirements for preparation of  application detailed feature specification as necessary basis of quality and functional application.
•Analyze of customer’s requirements and propose application / framework design of midsize application architecture (incl. interfaces, relation database structure) in  order to build application functionality easy for maintenance and future extension according to customer needs.
•Provides task estimates,  timeline like  total number of development hours and bug fixing and report it to customer for budget planning in advance.
•Implements customer’s requirements based on specification in selected object oriented programming language React and Vue.js. into functional and user friendly application to meet customer’s needs
•Provides testing of programmed functionality before deployment in order to avoid bugs and ensure quality of code.
•Write and update regularly more complex technical  / system documentation  for official handover to operation process.
•Communicate project status and deliverables to managers, customer with efficiency and accuracy of any progress or delays to keep them informed and let them be ready for managerial decision and project’s adjustment  in advance.
•Maintain application on 2nd, 3rd level support by fixing bugs and regular check, programming updates of features on customer’s change request to satisfy customer needs and to ensure smooth running of the application with added value.
•Record spent time daily in transparent way to have basis for invoicing for customer and Controlling department purpose.
•Other duties and responsibilities as assigned by higher management.
Management scope
•Manages partial project tasks assigned to him, timelines and communication.
•Mentor of junior developers.
•Provides technical trainings for basic users, junior developers if required. Wage (gross)2 000 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsEducation
•University degree (minimum Bachelor),
Experience
•3 – 6 years of experience within the field of application programming  in object oriented programming languages,
•Advantage is knowledge of operating systems, database operations (Oracle), middleware, HW infrastructure interfaces,  system analysis,
Languages
•English  B2,
Others
•Advantage is knowledge of  software development methodology (e.g. Agile, Waterfall), CSS, Spring framework, JavaScript,  versioning tools (like SVN). Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Cecilia KotercovaE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4527584 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  27.3.2023 
    2023-03-27
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Frontend developer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
