Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práce .NET Developer for Healthcare 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky .NET Developer for HealthcareArcondis Solutions s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 4 000 EUR/monthThe salary indicated is a tentative estimation and the final salary will be agreed after an interview, once we will find out more about your experience, skills and personality.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesHello, we are looking for new members for the Arcondis family. This is your chance to make healthcare better. This opportunity will allow you to:  
• Design & implement client’s core applications in the areas of patient management, telemedical processes, integration with partner systems etc.
• Enhance existing systems in close collaboration with experts from different disciplines as product owners, business analysts, UX/UI experts etc.
• Bring your experience in conception and development to the team and realize user-oriented solutions
• Contribute to the continues stabilization and maintenance of the core systems
• Pay close attention to a sustainable architecture, clean code and high quality
• Take an active part in our processes of agile software development
• Keep your knowledge up to date Employee perks, benefits• Company bonus (based on company financial results)
• Referral bonus depending on level of person referred
• Business mobile (also for private calls) and laptop
• Heath-/Dentalcare costs coverage (up to 250EUR/year)
• Allowance for foreign languages classes/sport and leisure activities (up to 200EUR/year)
• 3 sick days per calendar year
• 2 extra days off for your wedding
• Social events (team-buildings and team-dinners)
• Budget for trainings & certifications
• Monthly events in Kosice (Office)
• Home Office upon agreement (or possibility to work from our office in Kosice)
• Flexible Working Hours
• Become part of an established company with a start-up mindset (Self-organizing, flat hierarchy)
• Ice Hockey Tickets Discount (HC Kosice home games) Information about the selection processPlease submit your application in English.
Thank you for applying to Arcondis! Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational Specialization.NETLanguage skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Number of years of experience2Personality requirements and skills• Completed studies in computer science or a comparable education
• Several years of practical experience and knowledge of object-oriented software development in the Microsoft environment (Backend: C#, .NET, ASP.NET Core, EF Core - Frontend: Angular, Typescript, Yarn)
• Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, Azure, MS SQL Server is a plus
• Practical experience with agile software development based on Scrum (incl. code reviews and pair programming)
• Team player
• Results-oriented and self-reliant work style
• Structured and quality-oriented approach
• Good written and spoken English skills, German is a plus Advertiser Brief description of the companyARCONDIS is in the Top 10 of Consulting Companies in Health Care & Life Sciences in Switzerland. We are a global professional services company with an exclusive focus on the healthcare and life science industries, with their particularly demanding requirements on quality and regulatory affairs.
We have been addressing challenges and solving problems for our clients in the areas of compliance, business processes, information technology, and digital transformation since 2001.
We create value through cross-functional, sophisticated delivery methodologies and intelligent implementation.
Our clients love to work with us because of our unique skillsets, our pragmatic approach, and our will to win.
We make healthcare better.
www.arcondis.com Number of employees150-199 employees 
ID: 4526790 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  24.2.2023 
    2023-02-24
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, Backend developer, Frontend developer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Arcondis Solutions s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
