Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceIT & Business Analyst (Data Streaming) 
Careers
Gallery
IT & Business Analyst (Data Streaming)
                                Place of work
                            Námestie Mateja Korvína, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAre you looking for an interesting career in a high potential company in card business?
Are you IT and business-oriented person, who wants to learn and grow?
Do you like to be part of an Agile delivery team and explore new way of working?  
If yes, we are happy to know more about you! :-)
What would be your agenda:
•	Analyze functional, non-functional and domain requirements, creating functional specifications and feasibility study, identifying and designing of application components, together with documentation of solution
•	Communicate across all levels inside and outside the team as well as with external customers, suppliers and card companies 
•	Participate in the interface design on the platform in accordance with the proposed architecture
•	Analyze requirements in accordance with agreed standards and methodology
•	Make suggestions for component specification and architecture standards improvement, initiates procedures changes to improve services, reduce risk, or eliminate problems
•	Support system operation by analyzing and resolving incidents and problems in the production and pre-production system (Incident and Problem management)
•	Collaborate with other internal IT and Business departments Wage (gross)2 300 EUR/monthminimum 2300 € + fixed allowances twice a year + bonus (if you are more senior please, don´t hesitate to share your expectations. Final salary depends on candidates level of experiences and skills.) Employee perks, benefitsBe in the middle of innovative payment technologies and delivering unique pioneering solutions within Raiffeisen Bank International Group in CEE. Develop your career and upgrade your potential within the RPC company.
1. Develop your potential in RPC
Enjoy variety of internal and external trainings and develop your skills. Take a part in the internal RPC Academy, RPC Manager Academy, external soft and hard skills trainings (many finishing with certificates), courses, conferences, or meetups. We will contribute to your English training and offer you other online educational portals. We encourage our colleagues to move in RPC also internally by applying for vacant positions. Be one of our success stories!
2. Hybrid model of work and work-life balance
Enjoy being in the office with your colleagues, quickly solving all issues face to face. On the other hand, use home office during the month anytime you need. We give you also extra days-off like a vacation plus or sick days. We proudly also support working moms offering them part-time contracts if they want.
3. Physical and mental health support
Many of our colleagues relax by sporting activities. They enjoy benefits in the form of Multisport card with access to sport and wellness facilities, travel to RPC by bike (we have bike room and showers in the office) and are competing on our regular online challenges or sport days. RPC organizes regular Health Days where professionals/ doctors come directly to our office. But we do not stop there because we value also mental health of our colleagues. They may use help in the form of 1to1 sessions with professional counsellors.
4. Office that you love to come
If you are kind of a “office person” you may look forward to our modern premises. Great location near to the city center with access to many shops and dining places will please you, too. Unlimited caffeine and tea booster is to be used by anyone who needs it. Your health will be regularly supported by fruit days. Game and chill out zones in the office offer time to relax and switch of for a while. In addition, you can take the opportunity to have a tasty regular breakfast with our leaders.
5. Benefits, that count (in real :))
Last but not the least, we offer Cafeteria system for flexible choosing benefits of your interest (books, health care, sport & culture…), loyalty reward, transportation allowance and supplementary pension plan contribution (DSS) to think of the future too. Information about the selection process​Thank you very much for your interest in our job vacancies and RPC. Recruitment process may vary from position, seniority, or number of applicants, but you may expect:
1) Short call with our HR where you will get basic information about RPC, team and first questions on your expectations and background
2) Suitable candidates will be invited to the interview with manager and senior professional from the team will be sometimes available as well.
We do our best to cut the process to minimum. On the other hand, we want to get to know you as much as we can, to find out whether it will work for both sides. Sometimes we use tests, reference check, or need extra meeting with you. Every candidate will receive an answer. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeSQL - AdvancedNumber of years of experience2The position is suitable for a fresh graduateYesPersonality requirements and skillsWe are looking for new colleague with these experiences and abilities:
•	Analytical thinking, ability to analyze problems and design a constructive solution
•	Ability to self-study, acquiring knowledge from documentation
•	Team player
•	Good communications skills
•	XML, XSD, Web services is advantage
•	Experiences with specifications and analyzes of requirements (banking systems are advantage)
•	Development background is advantage
•	Active English, both written and verbal
Advertiser
Brief description of the companyRPC is dynamic regional IT service provider operating in the banking payment industry.
Growing double-digit in processing volumes and bringing fresh, innovative payment technologies across the European region guarantees our employees are part of many exciting projects with Raiffeisen banks in multiple CEE countries. Often delivering unique pioneer solutions resulting in ‘’1st in the market’’ awards means our work is recognized and appreciated throughout the whole region. We are setting the bar for innovation and you can be part of it!
RPC, as a centre of competence for card issuing, acquiring and digital payments is securely processing all transactions originated by the cards of our group banks or banks payment devices. We aim to provide the best reliable solutions for both, debit and credit card national-specific markets, and to be flexible when finding the ways to fulfil customer changing business needs.
Besides Tatra banka in Slovakia, we are proud to have among our clients Raiffeisen Banks from Austria, Albania, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Croatia, Romania, Serbia and Kosovo having a continuous customer base growth.
RPC was established in 2000 as a division of Tatra banka, and with more than 20 years of success stories we provide services in the area of issuance and acceptance of payment cards to member banks of the Raiffeisen bank International Group. The separate company was established in 2008 as a Shared Service Centre to centralize the group’s card payment operations and to achieve high efficiency and price competitiveness.
Number of employees200-249 employeesContactContact person: Lucia OpluštilE-mail: send CVSend CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
Follow us
ID: 4525541 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  23.3.2023 
    2023-03-23
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Android Developer, Business Analyst, IT Analyst, IT Tester, Programmer   Spoločnosť: RPC   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
