Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Back end developer (Budapest)
Back end developer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Back end developer
Your mission is to deliver value with software and solve technical problems and help the team meet its goals.
Our client expects you to write the best quality code you can according to the best industry standards, using best practices, and the best patterns you know.
Be able to help the team with any technical challenges, code review, and pair programming.
Participate in quality processes, like manual and automated testing
Our client who provides innovative Cloud-based Contact Center solutions that empower companies to provide the best customer experience is looking for Back End Developers. With their software, and contact centers they can handle a full spectrum of incoming and outgoing communications through Phone, Email, SMS, Chat, and Social Media.
Have at least 3 years of professional experience in PHP
You are willing to learn and develop (or have some experience) in GO or C
Nice to have:
RDBMS: MySQL or similar
Git
VoIP (SIP/RTP/WebRTC) experience
Microservices
Container technology: Docker / Swarm
Agile frameworks (Scrum, Kanban)
NoSQL technology: MongoDB or similar
Observability frameworks (Grafana, VictoriaMetrics)
A healthy work-life balance with flexible work options including plenty of home office days.
Additional vacation days and fully paid paternity benefits.
The opportunity to work at a financially stable, growing company with a strong international presence and market position in Europe, America, and East Asia.
They commit to investing in your personal growth in the long run (attractive salary package, benefits, and career opportunities).
A multicultural work environment in their office that was awarded “The Most Loveable Workplaces” prize.
A company with regular team buildings, sports events, charity programs, birthday celebrations, and sweets days!
Mentorship and training opportunities from the start. They create your career path together to help you reach your maximum potential.
Internal training sessions, school programs, and language courses.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Software Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Learning and Development Expert (Experienced/Senior) - REF1664I
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior FullStack Fejlesztő (REF1657B)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
