Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
IT Expert - Desktop and Application Virtualization (Budapest)
IT Expert - Desktop and Application Virtualization (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
Our client is a global technology company supplying systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and industrial technology, enabling the next generation of mobility. They allow vehicles to see, think and act. In the four technology domains of Vehicle Motion Control, Integrated Safety, Automated Driving, and Electric Mobility, the company offers comprehensive product and software solutions for established vehicle manufacturers and newly emerging transport and mobility service providers. Our client electrifies a wide range of vehicle types. With its products, the company contributes to reducing emissions, protecting the climate and enhancing safe mobility.
The new colleague will work in normal office hours (no shifts), and a very flexible HO policy is available with multiple options.
IT Expert - Desktop and Application Virtualization
Feladatok
Perform system design, configuration, introduction, maintenance and support of client virtualization infrastructure system such as VMWare Hypervisor and CITRIX Virtual Desktops and Apps
Creating and evaluating concepts or analyzing existing products
Further development of CV systems inclusive integration with the entire IT architecture
Compliance and KPI Reporting
Working in global projects and expert teams for further development of solutions
Követelmények
Completed education degree of computer science
2+ years of experience (including co-op/internship experience) in the IT field encompassing a majority of the following areas: Citrix Virtual Desktops and Apps, Windows Server,, Microsoft Operating Systems, Active Directory
Experience with VMWare Hypervisor technology is an advantage
General knowledge of IT service desk concepts, best practices, and commonly-used procedures
Proven ability to diagnose performance issues and tune system performance, in addition to strong troubleshooting and diagnostic skills
English language skills (Proficient Speaker)
Amit kínálunk
Stable company background and long-term working possibility
Full of challenges and high-level professional activities at an international company
Participation in international projects and commission to foreign countries
Career opportunities, continuous training program and language courses
Competitive salary and performance-related bonus 
Cafeteria with optional elements
Home office work
School start support
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Master Data Specialist - German speaking
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) (REF1665U)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Application engineer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Security Architect
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
