Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Software Engineering Lead (Budapest)
Software Engineering Lead (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Software Engineering Lead
Very briefly, you will be working on some of our core systems that support our Client's flying crew members. From systems that enable planning and rostering of their crew to ensuring the right catering is placed onboard every flight, the 3 domains within Flight have a very diverse application landscape. Through your work, you will have a direct impact on their crew, their aircrafts, and their customers.
They offer a very open environment for you to grow and expand your talents, together you will contribute to their goal of becoming the number one data- and technology-driven airline.
In addition:
You will supervise a number of software engineers;
You will be the link between your department and the rest of the business;
You will be part of the tech management and you will give direction to technical solutions;
You will work with different programming tools
Our Client is a leading European airline. Their IT is a strong mature agile
organization with over 1.000 internal employees worldwide – but they are starting fresh in Budapest with a new start-up this year. Are you looking for a chance to work in truly European spirit with their future technological developments?
Together you fly 110 aircraft to 145 destinations, bringing millions of passengers to where they need to be, developing sustainable travel and pushing the boundaries of air travel towards to the future.
You love complex problems and enjoy solving them even more. You are not afraid of change. In fact, you want to constantly improve our Client's services. You speak various programming languages, but also enjoy coaching and guiding software engineers. You will be working in an environment that at this moment also relies on planning & rostering
systems or SAP (catering), knowledge on integrating COTS in custom applications and experience with DevOps is a pre.
Additionally, you have:
A college or university degree, preferably in IT or engineering;
Good knowledge of the English language
A strong knowledge of different programming languages:
Java;
TypeScript
Preferred but not necessary, secondary experience in:
Front end (Angular);
DevOps;
More than 7 years of proven experience in software development;
Proven leadership experience
Offer:
A challenging role at a unique European company
10% of your work time dedicated to personal development and a personal learning budget
10% bonus depending on individual as well as the company performance
Great flexible benefits such as: nursery, health care, pension, parking, SZEP card, etc.
Attractive discounts on airline tickets (after 6 months of service) with KLM and our partners
A personal budget for sustainable employability
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead - Devops (REF1105J)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Lead Software Engineer (Java)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Team Leader - Data Engineering (REF462H)
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Nemzeti Sportügynökség Nonprofit Zrt. -
RENDSZERGAZDA
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
