Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Software Architect (Budapest)
Senior Software Architect (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Senior Software Architect
Design safety-critical software architecture
Refine and optimize work processes based on ISO26262 and ASPICE
Generate and analyse requirements and specifications from stakeholders
Participate in design reviews
Collaborate with other software engineers, electrical, mechanical, systems, and product teams to resolve issues
Our partner is an Australian technology company creating the future of mobility with software-defined driverless transport. To build this new future and respond to growing demand, we are on the hunt to employ fresh thinking, technical minds to join their dynamic team, where you will continue to innovate and thrive together.
The company develops safety-rated, autonomous-ready, digital control systems (Digital Backbone) and modular vehicle platforms (Blanc Robot), for global commercial applications. They are developing the next generation of mobility, where vehicles run entirely on software and are programmable, improving efficiency & sustainability.
It creates an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. They welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for technology, automotive and innovation to explore the open positions and join this growing team.
An Engineering or Computer Science degree, or equivalent experience
A passionate interest in electric transport and an interest in developing new generations of electric vehicles
Proficiency in Matlab/Simulink
Experience with the v-model automotive software development lifecycle
Experience with software functional safety implementations and optionally, ISO26262 certifications
Enjoy working in a fast-paced and growing global team environment
Minimum of 5 years of experience in software architecture design in industry
Proficient in Hungarian and English
Other useful experience
General knowledge of embedded electronics development and the ability to read schematic diagrams
Understanding of the standards of functional safety ISO26262, IEC61508 and/or ASIL
Technical experience related to electronic systems at a component, sub-system and system level
Cross functional knowledge across the disciplines of electronics, mechatronics, and software
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Work at an exciting technology company within Hungary delivering globally in a multi-national group
Enjoy a clear sense of ownership in your field, with the satisfaction of working on developments that create the future of a new category of autonomous vehicles
Work alongside a friendly and passionate team on cutting edge technology
Have the opportunity to travel to other company offices including Australia and the UK
Enjoy modern office space and great work environment
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Senior Devops Engineer (Debrecen/Budapest)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Devops Engineer
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Randstad Hungary Kft -
IT Product Owner
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
