Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Business Application Support Analyst (Magyarország)
Senior Business Application Support Analyst (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Our partner is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, the UK, and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil, and Iberia, and an Asset Management organization with locations in the UK, US, NL, and Hungary. The Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit, and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At the firm, they foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. They are a people business, and they recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. They value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
Senior Business Application Support Analyst
Feladatok
Primary Purpose of the Position:
The Business Analyst Pool is within the Service Delivery which has knowledge of businessfunctions and services. The Business Analyst team partners with internal clients, externalapplication vendors and team members across the world to provide business requirementsdefinition, software quality assurance, development and on-going maintenance of globalapplications that are used to support the business needs of the firm.
Business Analysiso Define and document business requirements related to system functionality, performance, security, and internal controls; document current state and future state processes for purposes of gap analysis, process improvement opportunities and training; obtain approvals from the business sponsor.o Communicate effectively with external and internal teams to ensure the delivery of the solutions and/or project’s functional requirements.o Participate or coordinate technology evaluations by assisting business areas with changes or selection of systems. Participate or coordinate Request for Proposal processes, impact analysis and feasibility studies. Maintain relationships with IT application vendors during selection processes and implementation projects. Provideconsultancy and research possibilities with respect to solutions and cost (support business case preparation).o Interact with the business to know and understand their processes and (IT) needs. Be the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teams.o Liaise with peers in country-units and external parties in the field of Business Analysis, Project Management, Business Process Management, Application Management and Test Management, to exchange best practices, knowledge, and processes and to mature and improve Business Analyst role and expertise/skills.
Quality Assuranceo Prepare test cases based on knowledge of how the system is designed, requirements and expected results. Execution of detailed test cases/scripts for functional testing and regression testing. Track any issues and follow up on the related resolution.o Coordinate user acceptance testing with business end-users of application.o Ensure the quality of documents and other deliverables meets quality standards, appropriate methodology and acceptance criteria.
Operational Supporto Preparation of application administration documents, end-user documentation, and/or application training to end-users.o Assist in troubleshooting/resolution of issues. Ensure appropriate tickets are created to record and assign issues and document resolution.o Utilize change management process to ensure modifications or upgrades are authorized, tested when applicable, approved, and implemented appropriately.o Act as point of contact with application vendor and customer to coordinate new releases, updates, or changes.o Ensure proper application monitoring is in place and reviewed. Coordinate with technical staff if there is an issue.o Understanding risk and compliance controls and working with corporate Compliance team to ensure controls are met and/or mitigated.
 Conforms with and abides by all regulations, policies, work procedures, instruction, and all health and safety rules.
Exhibits regular, reliable, punctual, and predictable attendance.
Követelmények
Moderate to well-developed in business requirements gathering and documenting
Moderate to well-developed skill in quality assurance and testing methodologies
Moderate to well-developed skill in creating application administrator guides and userdocumentation
Moderate to well-developed understanding of application security and related complianceprocesses
Moderate to well-developed business process analysis/mapping skills
Moderate to well-developed level of experience working with Service Level Objectives (SLO) management and reporting
Moderate level of ability estimating and budgeting for IT services
Well-developed knowledge of standard SDLC methodologies
Well-developed ability to work and adapt effectively to all levels within and outside the organization; social interaction demands understanding and respect in political/corporate setting
Well-developed level communication skills (written, verbal, listening)
Moderate to well-developed skills in root cause analysis
Moderate awareness of cultural differences working within a global company
Well-developed ability to accept and embrace change, and manage through ambiguous situations
Well-developed ability to work effectively in team environment or independently
Demonstrates high work ethics, such as being proactive, accountable and responsible
High experience with MS Office products (Word, Excel, Visio, &amp; PowerPoint) as well as SharePoint
Preferred Qualifications:
Financial Services and Insurance industry experience
Experience with Data and Monitoring
Experience with Agile development, Scrum, and DevOps.
Experience with cloud technologies.
Experience of various SDLC methodologies
Ability to explain technical requirements to and work with developers and provide pseudocode.
Amit kínálunk
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
 Brand new office at an excellent location
 Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
 A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
ERP tanácsadó, konzulens
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP IT Application consultant Controlling
Hays Hungary Kft. -
German Service Desk Representative
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Product Advisor/BI Analyst
HumanField Kft. -
SZOFTVER TÁMOGATÓ
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
