Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
IT Network Specialist (WAN, LAN, WLAN) (Budapest)
IT Network Specialist (WAN, LAN, WLAN) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Join a regional team of network specialists who are expert in LAN, WAN, WLAN Cisco solutions. Besides network operations tasks you will have the opportunity to design and implement projects.
Our client is leading industrial gas and engineering company, providing high - quality solutions, technology and services. 
IT Network Specialist (WAN, LAN, WLAN)
Tasks
In this role you will be responsible for the operations of Wide Area and Local Area Networks that used in the EMEA regions including Regional WLAN Controllers and Access Points
Providing 2nd level support for all Network related issues EMEA region and perform analysis of services in operations is part of your tasks
You will thrive for compliance with IT network and security standards and ensure that all compliance guidelines and legal requirements for the operation of the devices in the area of responsibility are observed and managed
Further you will be managing the lifecycle of all Network devices in LAN, WLAN and WAN area and working with contacts within the Regional IT organisations and Business to plan and execute for such activities.
You will plan the technical implementation of projects, take care of implementation activities and the implementation of technical changes including the engagement with Regional IT contacts, Business contacts, End Users and External Service Providers
Requirements
3-5 years of professional experience in Wide Area Networking, Local Area Networking and Wireless Networking
special knowledge in the areas of Cisco LAN and WLAN components, VLANS, trunking on Cisco switches, inter-VLAN routing, WAN area AVPN and SDWAN
Fluency in English (German is an advantage)
CCNA certification or equivalent knowledge of LAN switching and wireless, CCNP level knowledge is a plus
willingness to work in a coordinative manner across teams
Offers
opportunity to excel in network expertise
flexible working hours
work-life balance
excellent benefits package
Location:
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Hálózatépítő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) (REF1665U)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Application engineer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Security Architect
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
