Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Windows-Linux System Administrator (REF1608O) (Budapest)
Windows-Linux System Administrator (REF1608O) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
német - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Windows-Linux System Administrator (REF1608O)
As a System Administrator you have to take care of automotive systems for a German car and truck manufacturer. This implies the maintenance and change of systems, applications and process chains for our customer. Furthermore, installations and tests of our self developed or customer provided applications is also part of our tasks. Each task deals with providing documentation for the workshops to support vehicle maintenance.
In addition, you will have these interesting tasks:
As technical data specialist you are working together with other team members to solve the tasks end-to-end
You are working in the automotive market and gain a lot of automotive KnowHow
You are part of a team working with an agile customer
You are in the Service Team, providing 3rd level customer support, maintaining our applications and process chain, implementing changes in infrastructure based on customer requirements and last but not least roll out and testing of applications from our development team
Skills:
At least 2 years experience within supporting windows servers
At least 2 years experience within supporting Linux systems (Shell, Standard commands)
At least 2 years experience in Powershell
Willingness to work in shifts to cover 07:00 - 18:00 times
Experience in IIS, NGINX
Experience in Oracle DB and SQL Queries
Experience in Shell-Scripting
Fluent English and/or German speaking knowledge
Nice to have:
Cloud/VM
ApplicationServer (Wildfly/Jboss/Apache)
Perl script
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Hálózatépítő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
IP VPN Consultant
Nemzeti Sportügynökség Nonprofit Zrt. -
RENDSZERGAZDA
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Cloud Application Services Solution Designer - 1662J
Hays Hungary Kft. -
System Administrator
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
