Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Marketing Project Manager (Budapest)
Marketing Project Manager (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Karrier Hungária
Alapvető elvárások
Marketing, PR, média
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Marketing Project Manager
On behalf of our stable and reliable partner, we are looking for a Marketing Project Manager. The Manager will be responsible for planning and overseeing marketing campaigns for the company, ensuring that marketing projects are delivered on time and done with the required precision. She/He will plan, manage, and execute projects related to marketing challenges. She/He will oversee the planning, development, design, execution, monitoring, and completion of our marketing projects.
Responsibilities:
Is in charge of supervising and managing all the marketing projects from the initial stage to their completion 
Create marketing KPIs based on marketing project goals
Creates and manages content calendars keeping in mind the marketing strategy
Schedules and monitors marketing projects and campaigns in line with company standards
Is responsible for mapping projects, and supervising project tasks to execute the strategy
Manages, creates, and schedules content calendars while mentioning deadlines for each task
Manages, negotiates, purchases, and bids on external supplier services to accomplish budgets
Ensures that all marketing projects are carried out 
Comes up with ideas to enhance the company’s outreach with unique marketing ideas
Develops and maintains project files and other similar documentation 
Collaborates with the marketing team for market and consumer research
Prepares timelines for projects 
Ensures that the team’s marketing project goals are understood
Requirements:
Good communication skills and prior experience with handling marketing projects
Bachelor’s degree in marketing, management, or related business field
Exceptional decision-making and organizational skills 
Prior experience working based on marketing / marketing project management and best practices 
Relevant experience, minimum 5 years
Knowledge of online and offline activities
Fluency in English, verbal and written
Experience in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint developed user level), digital media
What our client offers:
Opportunity to learn and develop yourself
Career path
Office in the center
Competitive salary
Workplace:
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Senior Brand Manager - Pharma (RX)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
B2B marketing vezető
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Senior Category Manager
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Marketing Manager
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Social Media Chapter Lead
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
