Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Software Quality Engineer (Budapest)
Software Quality Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
Minőségbiztosítás
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Software Quality Engineer
Create and maintain quality plans and schedules that support the organisation’s quality goals
Devise, plan, and conduct process quality checks, project and product quality gates
Define and track actions to close identified gaps in processes
Manage and regularly report on project schedule, compliance, deliverables, resources, and risks
Consult and guide designated business groups in their process improvement roadmaps
Analyse technical requirements and design to implement and verify the corresponding process solutions
Build, deploy, monitor, and continuously improve engineering processes in a cross-functional team environment at an international level
Facilitate and support internal and external quality assessments/audits
Create 8D reports together with Engineering management to drive improvements
Our partner is looking for a talented Software Quality Engineer in the automotive sector to join our growing team. The candidate will report to the Senior Operations Manager. You will proactively work with the Project and Program Management, Software Development and Software Testing teams to improve product and process quality.
Quality/Systems/Software/Electronics Engineering degree or equivalent experience
Proven experience of 7 years or more in the Automotive industry, or a closely related field
Sound knowledge and experience managing, implementing and/or auditing/assessing A-SPICE or ISO26262 (other Automotive industry-relevant standards are a bonus)
Practical experience with writing/deploying processes
Practical experience with the full software development life cycle (SDLC). Experience with Agile development methodology, V-model is an advantage
A strong team focus and highly developed communication skills
Speak/Read/Write fluently in Hungarian and English
Must have a great passion for doing things right the first time
Work at an exciting technology company within Hungary delivering globally in a multi-national group
Enjoy a clear sense of ownership in your field, with the satisfaction of working on developments that create the future of a new category of autonomous vehicles
Work alongside a friendly and passionate team on cutting edge technology
Have the opportunity to travel to other company offices including Australia and the UK
Enjoy modern office space and great work environment
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Software Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Learning and Development Expert (Experienced/Senior) - REF1664I
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior FullStack Fejlesztő (REF1657B)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
