Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
German speaking IT Security Advisor (REF1513T) (Budapest)
German speaking IT Security Advisor (REF1513T) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
német - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
German speaking IT Security Advisor (REF1513T)
As an "IT Security Advisor" you need to understand and monitor the latest common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVE) in the field of IT Security in order to support the clients preventing eventual cyber attacks, security breaches and data breaches. If you are eager to analyze and assess newest cyber risks and are ready to be a trusted advisor of remediation measures, join our Cyber Threat Intelligence Team!
Main responsibilities will be:
Creating vulnerability reports as well as analysis and evaluation of the respective subject
Compiling professional messages for our newsletter subscribers as well as analysis and evaluation of the respective subject
Taking over daily responsibilities of continuous research of contents worthy of reporting, compilation of reports, quality assurance and dispatch
Regular updating of documentation (e.g. work instructions, manuals, customer documentation)
Processing of customer requests in different ticketing systems
Requirements:
Completed studies in a technical, engineering or scientific subject
Minimum 2 years of professional experience in IT security
Fluency both in German AND English languages
General knowledge of Internet security, networking protocols, and related technologies
High level of customer focus
Analytical thinking
Exceptional communication skills in writing
Advantages
Any level of IT Security certificate(s) (CompTIA, EC-Council, CISA/CISM, CISSP, etc)
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Pécs, Szeged, Debrecen
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Master Data Specialist - German speaking
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) (REF1665U)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Application engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Security Architect
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
