Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Business Analyst (Magyarország)
Business Analyst (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Our client is at the forefront of the energy industry, with a truly global presence. The organization offers outstanding career advancement potential and a wide range of career paths and growth opportunities. If you want to work in a multinational environment and you strive for excellence, apply now!
Business Analyst
Feladatok
 Work closely with our business teams and identify further opportunities to grow the business 
Join our Digital Innovation Program to upscale your capabilities in the digital and innovation space
Participate in our Accounting Training program to further master your accounting skills
Analyze and explain what drives the financial and operating results and trends using visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, PowerBI) of a country or an affiliate
Use your analytical capabilities to extract business insights to support Business Management with better decision making, i.e. turning data into actionable insights
Drive digital innovation with involvement in exciting process transformation and improvement initiatives
Collaborate with others to provide meaningful analytical reports to Business teams in partnership with colleagues around the world
Build knowledge of Upstream, Downstream, and Chemicals businesses, systems, tools and processes
Report the financial data
Participate in various site wide initiatives, including charity efforts, inclusion & diversity events, or networks to develop and grow your leadership skills
Követelmények
Have 2-3 years relevant work experience (Upstream Oil&Gas, Financial Accounting/Reporting, Business Analysis is an advantage)
Minimum of Bachelor / Master degree in Business Economics / Accounting / Taxation or equivalent
Strong analytical skills with passion for innovation and process transformation
Minimum of 3 semesters of accounting and financial reporting/controlling 
Interest in ongoing learning to grow your skills and capabilities to progress your career and expand our responsibilities
Interest to develop knowledge in the digital and innovation space
Written and verbal proficiency  in English
Interest in long term career opportunities
Continuous Improvement mindset to develop, implement, and sustain best practices to ensure superior service delivery and accuracy
Good communication and effective interpersonal skills to collaborate with others and work in teams, including colleagues around the globe
Amit kínálunk
Attractive salary & benefits package
Long term career perspective & range of opportunities at one of the largest companies in the world
Investments in your professional development through an ongoing rotational development program and tremendous learning opportunities
Variety of benefits supporting your health & wellbeing (e.g. life insurance, private health insurance contribution, private pension fund contribution)
Flex Your Day opportunity, providing flexibility around where and when you work
Relocation assistance for candidates from abroad  
Programs for parents & wellness elements (e.g. refreshments, ergo stretch breaks)
Inspiring and diverse working teams
Interesting, stimulating work environment in an international atmosphere
Opportunities to enhance communication and language skills, job specific and broader trainings
Brand new office building
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Rossmann Magyarország Kft. -
Termékdíj ügyintéző
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
HumanField Kft. -
PÉNZÜGYI ELEMZŐ
HumanField Kft. -
SENIOR PÉNZÜGYI ELEMZŐ
HumanField Kft. -
IT Projektkoordinátor
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
