Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
DevOps Engineer for Business application within AWS (REF1577I) (Budapest)
DevOps Engineer for Business application within AWS (REF1577I) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
DevOps Engineer for Business application within AWS (REF1577I)
The Digital Hub NTO (Network, Transformation & Optimisation) stands for the transformation and optimization of the access network in DTAG's fixed network. His goal is to improve the end customer's experience through increased bandwidth and products, while at the same time efficiently deploying the workforce to operate these networks.
Tasks:
Responsibility for the technical solution of the AWS / Container - service architecture within the NTO Agile Release Train
Hire and define relevant technical enablers
Coordination, advice and training of the system team
Close coordination with the program level of the Agile Release Train
Close cooperation with the product owners in the hub
Significant design of the technical solutions used
Participation in shaping the product vision from the point of view of the technical enablers.
Participate in and conduct agile ceremonies at the program level.
Significant contribution in the context of Relentless Improvement
Support in capacity management of the necessary resources
Skills:
Experience as a DevOps Engineer or similar software engineering role
Proficient with CI/CD pipelines
Good knowledge on Containerization
Knowledge on any mayor Cloud like AWS
Good knowledge of Python and Terraform
Working knowledge of databases and SQL
Fluent English knowledge
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Software Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Learning and Development Expert (Experienced/Senior) - REF1664I
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior FullStack Fejlesztő (REF1657B)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
