Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Full Stack Developer (Budapest)
Full Stack Developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
angol - felsőfokú
Full Stack Developer
This role will contribute toward technical design and the tactical delivery of an extensible, robust, secure, and re-usable web framework foundation.
What does the role consist of?
Define, develop and continuously improve solutions (working closely with the technical lead) 
Assist in governing the team’s usage of tooling, code libraries/frameworks and DevSecOps capabilities
Work in collaboration with Digital IT’s Network, Operations and Security teams
Test automation (to assist in the execution of quality assurance practices)
Assist in the assessment and governance of third-party products and services to ensure they are aligned to the Firm’s technology standards
Who is our Partner?
Our Partner is one of the world’s foremost leadership and talent consultancies. The firm provides senior-level executive search, board search and advisory, CEO succession, family business advisory, as well as leadership assessment and development to the world’s most respected organizations.
We are looking for experienced Full Stack Developers with the capability to contribute towards the building and maintenance of best-in-class, cloud-native user-centric web solutions.
What will be the key skills?
Bachelor or Masters Degree in Computer or Information Sciences or similar field
2+ years of relevant experience in delivering complex IT solutions across a broad mix of technologies, platforms and languages (e.g. .NET full, .NET Core, ReactJS, Angular, Vue, NodeJS etc.)
Excellent English language knowledge
Experience in a Cloud-native environment
Full stack development experience (ideally .NET Core and ReactJS)
Extensive experience in modern Web app user interface implementation 
Familiarity with industry best practices in areas such as accessibility, multi-device and browser compatibilmegity etc.
Demonstrated ability to work independently within a matrixed environment
Personal qualities:
Effective communication skills (internal and external communication)
Ability to handle sensitive information confidentially
Ability to work well in a fast-paced, intellectually demanding and service-oriented environment
Strong interpersonal skills with the demonstrated ability to gain the confidence, respect and trust of team members, peers, and senior leaders
Sound judgment and strong problem-solving skills
Advantages:
Experience in development-in-test, building test automation, unit tests 
Experience with Microsoft Azure and AWS cloud environments 
Experience building and consuming with API and MicroService-based architectures
What our partner offers:
To support your career development, they provide you various learning opportunities
Competitive base salary + Cafeteria + Bonus
Modern and dynamic office environment
Opportunity to work from home most of the time
Private health insurance
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Software Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Learning and Development Expert (Experienced/Senior) - REF1664I
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior FullStack Fejlesztő (REF1657B)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
