Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Intermediate DevOps Engineer (Budapest)
Intermediate DevOps Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
With key markets in the Netherlands, the UK, and the US, as well as growth markets in China, Brazil, and Iberia, our international partner supports one of the largest financial services groups, by offering IT, finance, risk, model validation, actuarial, audit, and asset management services.
A diverse workforce and an inclusive culture are fostered by our partners. They value diversity as a whole, including but not limited to, racial, gender, and ability diversity as well as diversity in language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
Intermediate DevOps Engineer
Feladatok
Job Description Summary:
As a Cloud DevOps Engineer, you will work on an agile team with developers from internal business units to deliver business value and outcomes. You will help to develop, test, and implement infrastructure code to assist the team in achieving their goals. Work will be done start to finish by an intact cross-functional team using an agile methodology,and employing the assistance of a scrum master, product owner, and agile coach. Each member of the team brings unique technical skills and strives to cross train to gain additional technical knowledge across multiple disciplines in an exciting and dynamic work environment.
What You Will Do:
Develop, Deploy and Support Cloud Infrastructure, as code artifacts or modules Install and Maintain Cloud infrastructure and applications
Support and deliver using Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery pipelines
Support resiliency and scalability using AWS and other cloud platforms
Enable systems with automated monitoring and alerting
Support the Team and Customers with day-to-day requests, Change and Incident tickets
Support Technology stack refresh on Systems (end-to-end) when required
Ensure automated security is built into each technology stack
Understand and respond to emerging requirements and ambiguous technology decisions
Követelmények
What You Will Need:Qualifications
Four-year Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent work experience
Experience in supporting enterprise-level platform installations
Experience working with cloud providers (Azure/ AWS, etc..)
Experience with Agile development and planning methodologies
Experience in performance monitoring, alerting and troubleshooting in an enterprise
Understanding of the internet and hosting from the network layer up through the application layer
Preferred
Experience working in roles with a focus on security, including automated alerting and response
An understanding of API’s and API Security
An understanding of automated code testing
Certifications in relevant technologies, methods, or platforms
Demonstrate the key critical behaviors of commitment to task, communication, customer focus, decision making/problem solving,  tolerance of ambiguity, planning, prioritizing, and goal setting
Amit kínálunk
Compensation:
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
 Brand new office at an excellent location
 Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
 A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Software Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Learning and Development Expert (Experienced/Senior) - REF1664I
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior FullStack Fejlesztő (REF1657B)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
