Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Intermediate/Senior DevOps Engineer (Budapest)
Intermediate/Senior DevOps Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
With key markets in the Netherlands, the UK, and the US, as well as growth markets in China, Brazil, and Iberia, our international partner supports one of the largest financial services groups, by offering IT, finance, risk, model validation, actuarial, audit, and asset management services.
A diverse workforce and an inclusive culture are fostered by our partners. They value diversity as a whole, including but not limited to, racial, gender, and ability diversity as well as diversity in language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
Intermediate/Senior DevOps Engineer
Feladatok
The candidate will work as an Intermediate/Senior with the existing team in providing global support for multiple business units in support of our AWS environment and specifically provide development and support related to event driven serverless architecture using AWS specific functions to build out our data lake. Will also support and challenge our AWS automation so knowledge of CI/CD pipeline, Kubernetes, Docker, Athena, Step functions, lambda’s, Glue, IAM, and test automation will be needed. Work is done in an Agile environment so experience of this is also necessary along with great communication skills, communicating with the business, vendorupgrades, working within the regulatory/compliance environment and adhering to related controls, and vendor management.Also, it is expected to coach and mentor the rest of the team so that the team matures knowledge wise.
Követelmények
Bachelor's degree, or equivalent level.
Minimum 3 years of work experience in a comparable role.
Professional English knowledge, both written and spoken.
Regulatory experience preferred.
2 to 3 years working in AWS.
Knowledge on Kubernetes, Docker, Athena, Step functions, lambda’s, Glue,IAM.
Have a basic understanding on concept of CI/CD pipelines.
TypeScript / NodeJS is nice to have.
Event driven approach.
Experience with agile is preferred, but not a must.
Experience with Service Now, Confluence, Jira preferred.
Problem solving skills.
Good planning, prioritizing and goal setting skills.
Ability to work independently, but also in team.
Experience in mentoring/coaching team members.
Challenging existing patterns, being open minded, propose new solutions.
Amit kínálunk
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
Brand new office at an excellent location
Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Senior Devops Engineer (Debrecen/Budapest)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Devops Engineer
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Randstad Hungary Kft -
IT Product Owner
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
