Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Snowflake Data Engineer (Budapest)
Snowflake Data Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Snowflake Data Engineer
Would you like to work as a Data Engineer and you also like animal-friendly companies? Then you do not have to look any further, because Fressnapf is hiring an expert colleague to join its Data and Reporting Center as a Snowflake Data Engineer. 
What to expect
help building new data models on Snowflake 
participate in the transition of data from SAP to Snowflake
database development
drive various projects, liaise with various departments of the company to understand needs
using AFO create the Excel based reporting
supporting back and front end work using SQL
doing configurations in Azure
What convinces us
Extensive knowledge in the reporting field with confident technical skills and fluent English.
Technical skills:
Hands on knowledge of the Snowflake system as a developer
SQL Development or Matillion ETL experience is valuable
SQL experience for front and backend work
Excel knowledge: PowerPivot, PowerQuery, VBA
Power BI experience
Inmon/Kimball Star/Snowflake Data  Models, 3NF, Data Vault etc are highly valuable
Exposure to Azure is valuable
Experience as a tester, or ITIL, IIBA certificates are advantage
Soft skills:
Excellent team work
Agile, can-do attitude
Excellent English language skills
Precision, high level of detail
Ability to organise your time well, and can manage ad hoc requests if necessary
What we offer you
The love of animals is our Fressnapf DNA – if you have a dog, you can bring him/her to work with you
Unique corporate culture – with us you will experience openness, transparency and appreciation in an innovative, dynamic environment – because we love what we do
Here you can be YOU, the “you” culture will be used across entire company and across all hierarchical levels
An extremely successful business model in combination with permanent expansion and high growth, even in uncertain times
Work-life balance and flexible working hours – with us you have the opportunity use the advantages of mobile working
Because you deserve it! – Attractive remuneration as well as various additional services and benefits, e.g. employee discounts or cafeteria scheme, are a matter of course for us
Stay connected! – Cohesion is very important to us: with the employee app or digital
We Care! – The well-being of our employees is important to us
Your development is important to us – we support you with a wide range of learning opportunities
If you are interested in the position, please send us your up-to-date, English CV.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Advanced IT Audit Analyst
Hays Hungary Kft. -
BI Analyst
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Junior Analyst
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Szenior IT Business Analyst - E-kereskedelmi platform
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
International IT Market Business Analyst
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
