Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
.Net Developer (Budapest)
.Net Developer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
.Net Developer
Our partner is an international software development company based in Switzerland, with offices in the Netherlands, UK and Hungary.
Their main focus is on complex custom application development for their corporate partners in FMCG and pharma sectors. Our partner provides extensive software development services for its partners both in procurement, logistics, R&D, HR and production.
The team of Budapest is continuously growing, currently they have about 25-30 employees. They would like to expand their team with an experienced .Net Developer in an independent role with interesting responsibilities. You can both be a part of the business related tasks, planning and software development, while also using your communication, language skills. If you are open to a truly diverse position, please read the job description below! 
About this position
Continuously consulting with the clients, planning the software architecture together from the beginning
Participating in the complete life cycle of custom software development activities from concept and design to implementation, testing (outsourced), roll out and support
Create and maintain efficient and clean code
Continuously focusing on best problem solving practices
Requirements
4+ years of relevant software development experience with Microsoft technology stack (C#, ASP.NET, MS SQL, MVC, Azure)
Fluent English knowledge because of the international team
Excellent communication skills and consultancy mindset (you will be actively keeping contact with the partners in this role)
Advantages
Knowledge of Azure Cloud technologies (ServiceBus, AzureSQL, Redis cache etc.)
Worked in MVC environment
Experience on the front end side (React)
Offer
Flexible working hours (core time between 9:00 to 15:00)
You can work 4 days per week from home - but if you choose to work in office environment, a well-equipped office with lot of opportunities is waiting for you in the 7th district of Budapest
Cafeteria, bonuses
Various international career opportunities
Trainings (MCP exams are supported)
Occasional traveling opportunities (to primarly Switzerland)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Senior Devops Engineer (Debrecen/Budapest)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Devops Engineer
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Randstad Hungary Kft -
IT Product Owner
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
