Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Ariba Functional Admin (Budapest)
Ariba Functional Admin (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Ariba Functional Admin
This position will provide the GTS SPA organization with an experienced Ariba functional admin supporting our Ariba hosted instance. The selected candidate will be an excellent communicator with proven technical and analytical skills. This position is involved in functional support and day to day
maintenance of our Ariba instance. This includes working on request and incident tickets and supporting the agile team way of working. Functions for this include running agile ceremonies, updating the Jira board and creating new backlogs.
Responsibilities:
Work in a multi-national environment
Work on user requests and incidents as they are submitted
Work with the Product Owner on enhancements and vendor changes
Work in agile environment, including working on backlogs, and provide support to PO
Communication with various business units on request and issues
Be able to use problem solving skills in providing solutions
Work with business on analysis of requirements
Provide support for regulatory and compliance issues/requests
Work within documented change management process
Provide project support and oversight as needed
Aegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, UK and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil and Iberia and an Asset Management organization with locations in UK, US, NL and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, we foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. We are a people business, and we recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. We value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent level
Minimum of 3 years work experience working in Ariba at level 1 or 2
Ariba Source to Pay and the following modules:
Buyer, including requisition/purchase order
Core Administration
SM Administration
User Manager
Supplier Lifecycle Performance
Supplier Risk
Guided Buying
Ariba Network
Approval flows
Invoicing
Invoice Reconciliation
Contract Terms
Receipt
Catalog and catalog from contracts
Upstream, including Contract Workspace, Sourcing Projects & Sourcing Events
Reporting
Skilled in English, both written and spoken
Regulatory experience preferred
Experience with Agile
Experience with Service Now, Confluence, Jira preferred
Problem solving skills
Good planning, prioritizing and goal setting skills
Ability to work independent and remote
The successful candidate will be self-motivated; service oriented and possesses excellent interpersonal and analytical skills. Candidate must have the ability to develop, coordinate, communicate, document, execute testing and implementation plans according to project requirements with minimal supervision.
In addition to the skills listed above, candidates must also demonstrate the following behaviors: team work; communication; tolerance of ambiguity; commitment to task; continuous learning; attention to detail; quality.
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
Brand new office at an excellent location
Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Application Support Engineer
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP IT Application consultant Controlling
Hays Hungary Kft. -
German Service Desk Representative
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
IT Recruiter
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Product Advisor/BI Analyst
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
