Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Java Developer ( SAP-Commerce Back-end) (Magyarország)
Java Developer ( SAP-Commerce Back-end) (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Java Developer ( SAP-Commerce Back-end)
To strengthen our team, we are looking for Java Developer (SAP-Commerce, 
Back-end Developer) 
What to expect
Work in an awesome team.
Development of high quality code and doing code reviews.
You define and are responsible for the development specifications, guidelines and structures.
Work with cutting-edge technologies.
Continuous learning.
Provide training on new technologies and improvements for other developers.
What convinces us
A successfully completed university degree in computer science or comparable training.
Very good experience with Spring
Experience with SQL, Junit + Mockito and with implementing REST based web calls
Understanding of implementing APIs
Acceptance of implementing with the SAP Commerce platform
Strong refactoring and problem solving skills.
Experience in the application of agile methods such as Scrum and Kanban
Good communication and teamwork skills.
High IT Affinity and willingness to learn new tools and technologies.
Fluency in English
What we offer you
The love of animals is our Fressnapf DNA – if you have a dog, you can bring him/her to work with you
Unique corporate culture – with us you will experience openness, transparency and appreciation in an innovative, dynamic environment – because we love what we do
Here you can be YOU, the “you” culture will be used across entire company and across all hierarchical levels
An extremely successful business model in combination with permanent expansion and high growth, even in uncertain times
Work-life balance and flexible working hours – with us you have the opportunity use the advantages of mobile working
Because you deserve it! – Attractive remuneration as well as various additional services and benefits, e.g. employee discounts or cafeteria scheme, are a matter of course for us
Stay connected! – Cohesion is very important to us: with the employee app or digital
We Care! – The well-being of our employees is important to us
Your development is important to us – we support you with a wide range of learning opportunities
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Java Developer for Cloud of Things (REF521E)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
 Java full-stack developer (with DevOps)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Java Developer
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Web application developer (REF1266O)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
