Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Business Application Support Analyst (Magyarország)
Senior Business Application Support Analyst (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Senior Business Application Support Analyst
Business Analysis
o Define and document business requirements related to system functionality, performance, security, and internal controls; document current state and future state processes for purposes of gap analysis, process improvement opportunities and training; obtain approvals from the business sponsor.
o Communicate effectively with external and internal teams to ensure the delivery of the solutions and/or project’s functional requirements.
o Participate or coordinate technology evaluations by assisting business areas with changes or selection of systems. Participate or coordinate Request for Proposal processes, impact analysis and feasibility studies. Maintain relationships with IT application vendors during selection processes and implementation projects. Provide
consultancy and research possibilities with respect to solutions and cost (support business case preparation).
o Interact with the business to know and understand their processes and (IT) needs. Be the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teams.
o Liaise with peers in country-units and external parties in the field of Business Analysis, Project Management, Business Process Management, Application Management and Test Management, to exchange best practices, knowledge, and processes and to mature and improve Business Analyst role and expertise/skills.
Quality Assurance
o Prepare test cases based on knowledge of how the system is designed, requirements and expected results. Execution of detailed test cases/scripts for functional testing and regression testing. Track any issues and follow up on the related resolution.
o Coordinate user acceptance testing with business end-users of application.
o Ensure the quality of documents and other deliverables meets quality standards, appropriate methodology and acceptance criteria.
Operational Support
o Preparation of application administration documents, end-user documentation, and/or application training to end-users.
o Assist in troubleshooting/resolution of issues. Ensure appropriate tickets are created to record and assign issues and document resolution.
o Utilize change management process to ensure modifications or upgrades are authorized, tested when applicable, approved, and implemented appropriately.
o Act as point of contact with application vendor and customer to coordinate new releases, updates, or changes.
o Ensure proper application monitoring is in place and reviewed. Coordinate with technical staff if there is an issue.
o Understanding risk and compliance controls and working with Company Compliance team to ensure controls are met and/or mitigated.
 Conforms with and abides by all regulations, policies, work procedures, instruction, and all health and safety rules.
Exhibits regular, reliable, punctual, and predictable attendance.
Our partner provides IT infrastructure and application support services to the financial businesses. The Company is responsible for the provision, support and ongoing maintenance of IT operating platforms, applications and services. There is also a strong connection with external providers necessitating vendor and service provider management. Our partner is responsible for driving the technology strategy and providing IT infrastructure solutions that are in alignment with business objectives and the company's technology strategy.
Moderate to well-developed in business requirements gathering and documenting
Moderate to well-developed skill in quality assurance and testing methodologies
Moderate to well-developed skill in creating application administrator guides and user
documentation
Moderate to well-developed understanding of application security and related compliance
processes
Moderate to well-developed business process analysis/mapping skills
Moderate to well-developed level of experience working with Service Level Objectives (SLO) management and reporting
Moderate level of ability estimating and budgeting for IT services
Well-developed knowledge of standard SDLC methodologies
Well-developed ability to work and adapt effectively to all levels within and outside the organization; social interaction demands understanding and respect in political/corporate setting
Well-developed level communication skills (written, verbal, listening)
Moderate to well-developed skills in root cause analysis
Moderate awareness of cultural differences working within a global company
Well-developed ability to accept and embrace change, and manage through ambiguous situations
Well-developed ability to work effectively in team environment or independently
Demonstrates high work ethics, such as being proactive, accountable and responsible
High experience with MS Office products (Word, Excel, Visio, & PowerPoint) as well as SharePoint
Preferred Qualifications:
Financial Services and Insurance industry experience
Experience with Data and Monitoring
Experience with Agile development, Scrum, and DevOps.
Experience with cloud technologies.
Experience of various SDLC methodologies
Ability to explain technical requirements to and work with developers and provide pseudocode.
Benefits besides compensation/salary:
- Home office
- Flexible working hours
- Health Insurance
- Yoga classes
- Life Fitness discount
- Training & Development opportunities
- Highly people-centric environment
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
ERP tanácsadó, konzulens
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP IT Application consultant Controlling
Hays Hungary Kft. -
German Service Desk Representative
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Product Advisor/BI Analyst
HumanField Kft. -
SZOFTVER TÁMOGATÓ
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
