Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Server and Network Management team leader (Budapest)
Server and Network Management team leader (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
5+ év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
Our partner is working to take the quality of passenger experience to a new level. We are looking for an experienced professional to join their team in Budapest. As team leader, you will be responsible for managing the Server and Network Management team. 
The team's responsibilities include the deployment and operation of the overall infrastructure of our client, including the 24/7 high-availability campus data network, radio, voice and other communication systems, storage and virtualization server farms, cloud-based IaaS systems, and other IT systems. During the operation, Level 2 and - in the case of some systems -, Level 3 services are provided by the team.
Server and Network Management team leader
Feladatok
Responsibilities:
Manage the group including assignment and prioritization of workload, performance reviews.
You will be responsible for the preventive and reactive maintenance of the systems, in line with the Incident management, Problem management and Change management processes.
Liaise with the Solution Architect team leader and the Business Application Management team leader.
Develop and maintain the group's professional business relationships with IT suppliers and service providers.
Monitoring the performance of the members within your team, and supporting them with a professional attitude in-line with our leadership culture.
Követelmények
5+ years overall experience including 1-3 years of experience in a similar team leader position. 
An in-depth understanding of high availability, disaster recovery, multi-site architecture, data center design, virtualization & containerization, network technology is a must.
Candidates must demonstrate the ability to learn on-the-fly, and be able to solve complex problems.
Very good command of English (written and spoken) and native Hungarian (must have)
B category driving licence
Amit kínálunk
You will have the opportunity to be a part of and manage a highly skilled team of professionals.
You will be involved in the implementation and operation of unique and complex IT systems.
You will be part of the management team.
A vibrant, fast moving work environment.
Home office opportunity.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Server and Network Management team leader
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead (Facilitator Chapter) (REF1581F)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Project Coordinator
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Project Manager (REF1450G)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior IT Security Manager (REF1660C)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
