Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
DevOps Engineer (VNI1- EDG_BNG) (REF219H) (Budapest)
DevOps Engineer (VNI1- EDG_BNG) (REF219H) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
német - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
DevOps Engineer (VNI1- EDG_BNG) (REF219H)
Our group VNI is responsible for the integration, validation and production of test results ("System Under Test") in accordance with the requirements of the Deutsche Telekom AG Platform, as measured by the diversity of the group. The work is carried out in several virtual squads within the group, mainly with german but also international colleagues. In one of these squads, called EDG_BNG, we are looking for an experienced DevOps Engineer colleague. 
The squad EDG_BNG is responsible for engineering, basic testing, product compliance (solution), SSt test (composite test with IT), PV, rollout and the active operation of the BNG. Tasks include:Lifecycle Management (E4X) for the Components and System Software of the BNG, drive further development of the BNG
Tasks: 
Description/Creation/Revision of test cases Automation of test cases Specification of product features environment
Requirements:
Cisco CCNP exam or equivalent knowledge and relevant experience
Strong intermediate knowledge of German
Openness to new network technologies, like BNG
Phython and JavaScript knowhow
Basic knowhow about Test Automation Framework ( TAF)
Accurate and thorough work, inclination to learn, teamwork 
Advantage: 
Knowledge of Cisco CCNP-SP / Juniper JNCIA
English intermediate level
Experience in agile methodology
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Software Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Learning and Development Expert (Experienced/Senior) - REF1664I
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior FullStack Fejlesztő (REF1657B)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
