Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Test Engineer for Cloud Billing - REF989F (Budapest)
Test Engineer for Cloud Billing - REF989F (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employerin Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH)is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sitesin Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Test Engineer for Cloud Billing - REF989F
The Public Cloud Porfolio Unit operates on a national and international level, for medium-sized and large companies. With the new Managed Services Public Cloud, we develop, market and operate agile, cloud-native, forward-looking products and services for the digital world. We see ourselves as innovation drivers and make our customers' business fit for the digital future. Our mission: To be successful in tomorrow, we need to think now about the day after tomorrow - and always together with our customers. With this dynamic and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business area in the Deutsche Telekom Group. Within the Public Cloud Portfolio Unit the orchestration and digital processes team is providing various products and solutions as SaaS (Software as a Service).
Cloud Billing (SaaS Solution) – is a tech stack for Order-to-Cash solution. Cloud Billing is a digital platform based on microservice architecture on which all Order/Usage-to-Cash (O2C/U2C) processes can be implemented -in B2C, B2B and B2B2X. Cloud Billing is a multi-tenant capable software as a service solution from the highly secure data center of T-Systems in Germany with service availability of max. 99.5%. Each customer receives one or more tenants on the platform, depending on their requirements.
The Cloud Billing Service offers a public REST API for easy configuration and integration of the tenant with the customer systems. In addition, Cloud Billing also provides web-based front ends for configuration and administration
Purpose of the Role:
We are looking for you to join our team: people who are professionals and evangelists with a great deal of enthusiasm for technology and who will master this challenge together with us. Do you like flat hierarchies, and do you have an independent working style? Do you like varied challenges in virtual agile teams? Then you are the right person for us. As “Test Engineer” you will be one of the persons being responsible for the further development of the Cloud Billing platform. You will be part or head of an agile SCRUM team and work together with the other team members to reach the sprint goals. You will implement and test new features and setup CI/CD pipelines for demo and production systems.
Your tasks in detail:
Functional system and system integration test of: o Back-end (REST API); Front-end.
Non-functional system test (mainly performance)
Reproduce and document defect reported by Customer (participate in service management)
Working with a product in a scrum team
Requirements analysis and understanding on component and e2e level
Analysis of existing documentation and solution
Test specification creation and review
Creation, review and support in the actual state of test documentation (manual and automated test cases, test reports)
Execution of manual and automated test cases
Identification, documentation and verification of defects
Key Accountabilities:
Development and testing of applications based on backlog requirements
Configuration and documentation
Incident analysis and issue resolving
Supporting the roll-out of new applications/patches and the onboarding of new customers
Setup and maintain CI/CD pipelines
Making knowledge base in wiki
Establishing good working relationship with customers, vendors, developers
Education/ academic studies
University degree (minimum Bachelor) Experience and Qualifications
Experience in IT software testing > 2 years
Experience in test documentation development (test plans / test cases / test reports)
 Experience in frontend / backend testing
Knowledge of software testing methodology and lifecycle understanding
General knowledge about databases (SQL and NoSQL)
General knowledge about REST ▪ Understanding of microservice architecture and how it should be tested
Experience in test management tools (HPQC) and bug tracking systems (Jira) ▪ Ability to analyse results and draw conclusions
Product & Agile mindset in work
English language: intermediate is a minimum
Technical Know-How
Java, Junit
Jira, Confluence
PostgreSQL
HPQC
Cloud (OTC, AWS, Azure, …)
REST, JSON, XML
Managerial Know-How/ Human Relations Skills
Proven communications skills: written and verbal
Collaboration and teamwork, working in an agile team
Excellent organisational and time management skills
Emotional intelligence and owning up to errors
Problem solving and creativity
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Test Manager
Karrier Hungária -
Manuális Tesztelő
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Test Manager
Randstad Hungary Kft -
DevOps Engineer IoT Cloud
Thyssenkrupp -
Software Test Engineer (MOM)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
