Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Java Developer (Budapest)
Java Developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Our client is a leader in one of the fastest and biggest sectors of entertainment - mobile games! They are a dynamic and experienced team in London and Budapest who have set theirselves the goal to improve and change the mobile games industry forever. They help game developers and distribution channels generate more revenue from games by expanding reach and distribution. They went public on Nasdaq in Stockholm in 2018 and since then they have been picked by Prolific London to be in the top 5 most valuable London based gaming startup.
At the core of their business is their patented technology that makes it possible to add, modify or remove features in compiled games to make them compatible with the requirements of any store without source code change. The technology does not require game developers to do any redevelopment work and does not require access to the game’s source code. It can enhance existing applications by adding features and functionality, such as gifting, in-app billing and several other solutions, primarily to drive revenue and user engagement.
Java Developer
Feladatok
As a Java Developer at our partner you will be part of thier highly efficient and collaborative Agile teams where you will be designing, building and maintaining features that replace some of their existing functionalities with state of the art technologies and add new business features. As part of the role you will have the opportunity to deep dive into the core of the Android platform and their billing services.
Key Activities:
Design and build the next iteration of the state of the art their software;Cooperate with other cross-functional teams to define and design platform improvement components and core features of their platform;Work with external data sources and APIs provided by companies like PayPal, Samsung and Amazon;Test your code (unit test, feature test) for robustness, including edge cases, usability, performance and reliability;Create highly scalable software solutions for serving tens of millions daily request to the platform
Követelmények
Technical skills:
2+ years experience as a Java Developer;Core Java and unit testing knowledge;Agile experience;Good SQL knowledge, preferably MySQL;A good understanding of HTTP protocol;Few years of work experience in related areas
Soft Skills:
Passion for technology, preferably within mobile space;Critical mindset and strong problem-solving ability;Enthusiastic and optimistic mindset;Strong ability and willingness to learn;Good communication skills, both verbal and written;Good interpersonal and team work skills;A passion for delivering high quality solutions
Education:
Educated to degree level in computer science or related discipline, or relevant experience in the field
Amit kínálunk
Eligibility for share option packageCompany mobile phoneTrainingsCompany eventsCompetitive salary
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Java Developer for Cloud of Things (REF521E)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Java full-stack developer (with DevOps)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Java_JavaScript Developer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Web application developer (REF1266O)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
