Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Security Solution Administrator - Antivirus Operation (REF565Y) (Budapest)
Security Solution Administrator - Antivirus Operation (REF565Y) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
német - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Security Solution Administrator - Antivirus Operation (REF565Y)
Operation, policy management, event analysis and reporting of different solutions
Responsible for maintaining, managing, and administering the environments, including daily monitoring of the consoles/systems for event traffic
Review security reports and implement policy and exclusions based on risk analyses
Apply updates, patches and make configuration changes to tighten security.
Advisory and support services to customer with regards of the above products and their operation
Proactive threat management in product operation
Incident and Change management
Collaboration with German colleagues
Collaboration with the Vendors
Preparing and introduction of new releases
Creating and updating processes
Relevant professional (Security) experience
At least intermediate English and German language skills
Basic understanding of Windows Server; Active Directory
Basic understanding of network design, infrastructure, and components
Good communication ability
Customer-oriented approach and precision
System approach, precision
Quick understanding of complex problems
Familiar with ITIL processes
Good team player attitude
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Pécs, Debrecen, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) (REF1665U)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Master Data Specialist - German speaking
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Application engineer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Security Architect
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
