Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Release Manager (REF1582W) (Budapest)
Release Manager (REF1582W) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
német - felsőfokú
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Release Manager (REF1582W)
For the project of a large German multinational automotive company, we are looking for an ambitious, German speaking specialist who will design complex Software systems. If you like a challenging, varied job, are happy to use your language skills in everyday communication and have relevant experience in software development, you are our candidate!
Tasks
Keep the focus on the bigger picture and views of IT Operation and Software Development
Communicate  plans, timelines, requirements between different teams
Identify the risks that can delay the release and manage them, such that the scope scheduled, and quality of the release is not affected.
Track the progress and find issues, if any. Always work to improve the process of release.
Make sure that the release is planned, according to the requirements
Plan and give regular updates on the release activities
Customer and stakeholder management
Requirements:
Required skills  >5 years
Experience in ITIL Standard
Experience in the use of the methods and tools used for risk assessment and mitigation of risks
Experience building and managing relationships in a matrixed environment
Leadership and proactive issue and risk management experience
Experience in IT infrastructure and application development technology and architectures
Experience in strategic planning, program development, and project management
Experience in providing presentations, consultation services, and training programs
Experience in developing auditing activities; including but not limited to surveys, investigations, quality assurance reviews
Understanding of CICD pipeline
Working knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle and IT Service Operation
Soft Skills
Excellent communication skills 
Leadership skills
Project management skills with knowledge of presentation
Problem-solving and analytics skills
Team and time management skills
Fluent German and English knowledge
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Process and Service Management (REF1237Q)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
English and German speaking Linux System Administrator (REF1491J)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Process & Quality Manager ARGO - REF1616R
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Incident Manager (REF1595T)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Manager (REF1591N)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
