Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
IT Security Manager (REF1606M) (Budapest)
IT Security Manager (REF1606M) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
IT Security Manager (REF1606M)
Tasks:
Knowledge of Information Security Management policies and regulations
Verification of security concepts, policies, processes and awareness in the company
Improvement internal Security Awareness 
Management of Security Projects 
Identification and Assessment of internal project-/service-specific IT-Risks
Vulnerability Management
Preparation of yearly central security audits 
Advantage:
German knowledge
Personality:
Self-motivated
keeps the rules and standards
flexible, cooperative, confident
team player
Skills:
Knowledge of ISO security baselines or managing security Audits
High level analytical skills
Strong communication, moderation and negotiations skills 
Knowledge of using Microsoft Excel
English language skills (minimal B2)
Advantage:
German knowledge
Personality:
Self-motivated
keeps the rules and standards
flexible, cooperative, confident
team player
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Master Data Specialist - German speaking
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Network Architect (Open Telekom Cloud) (REF1665U)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Application engineer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Security Architect
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Szeged
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
