                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Engineer for George (all genders) 
Software Engineer for George (all genders)
Bratislava, Slovakia
Banking has a name. And we create it.
            For 9 million customers across Europe, George stands for a digital banking experience that combines design and technology on an open platform. At Erste Digital, we strive for everyone. We achieve this by empowering people to understand, manage and, last but not least, enjoy one of their most personal things: their money.
            Join us in our agile environment and make banking simple, intelligent and personal again!
            Above all else, you are a believer in the craft of Software Engineering and your ability to push the boundaries of what is possible on the web. You’ll collaborate closely with colleagues from the ideation of features through to the conceptual and planning phases, and bring innovative and delightful designs to life. Our team is the gatekeeper for the central JSON over HTTP API development, so we deal with all kinds of clients, handle stacks of data, but you will take these details in your stride, and make George shine for the user.
What you’ll bring with you
A good grip of building and designing HTTP APIs written in Java
Clear understanding of Spring ecosystem and the way Spring applications are written
Knowledge working with search technology and/or distributed systems in general
Some experience with Elasticsearch or other distributed search and analytic engines
A love for code quality and testing
We like you because
You iterate fast, without compromising quality, while taking care of detail
Clean code is your mantra as you look to improve what is existing
Respectfully challenging your colleagues, and being challenged in return is welcomed by you
You are passionate about learning, and want to help others learn too
You can stand heat, noise and criticism without losing your smile
You have values and opinions and can articulate them in fluent English
Why you will like us
We’re a team of experienced developers who love to exchange ideas and push the boundaries
We provide a relaxed, professional environment and all the hardware & software you need to work efficiently (e.g. MacBook Pro, mobile device, licenses...)
We're open minded, and always keen to stand up and go the extra mile for the correct solution
We care for your personal well-being and career development while actively supporting your educational needs
We encourage regular conference visits and multiple chances to shine with George
New Work is not just another buzz word to us. We proactively adapt to the ever-changing work environment of today
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2800 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations. 
The way we are
           As an employee of Erste Digital, the success of our people is more than a motto, it’s our manifest. We nurture a work environment where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success – we live diversity!
If you’ve got this far
         It seems we have your interest. If you think you are a good fit for this position, please get in touch with us, we’d love to catch up.
Apply for this Job
ID: 4521401 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  16.2.2023 
    2023-02-16
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Architect, IT Tester, Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
