                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceUX/UI Designers with French language.  
UX/UI Designers with French language. NESS KE, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/monthfrom 2200 € gross plus Benefits, the FINAL OFFER depends on the candidate's skills and experience
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are searching for a UX/UI Designer to become a new valuable team member for our important European client with long-lasting history on the market. 
More about client:
https://nesskosice.sk/telematics/
As UX / UI designer you will measure and optimize applications to improve ease of use (usability) and create the best user experience by exploring many different approaches to solve end-user problems. One way that a UX designer might do this is by conducting in-person user tests to observe behavior. They then refine and tweak apps, software and websites to create products that people like and find easy to use.
Responsibilities
★ considering existing applications and evaluating their UX (user experience) effectiveness
★ considering the human-computer interaction (HCI) element of a design
★ using online tools, such as screen readers, to aid their research
running user testing of applications, software and websites
★ defining interaction models, user task flows, and UI (user interface) specifications
★ communicating scenarios (hypothetical users), end-to-end experiences, interaction models, and screen designs to other people working on a product
★ Keep the interface beautiful and easy to use
★ Manage the visual appearance of all new features and enhancements on our software and mobile applications
★ Initiate, suggest, and spearhead major UI re-factoring for a more intuitive user experience
★ Design elegant solutions to complex workflows and things that people will talk about Employee perks, benefits• Flexible working hours
• Home Office
• Extra Vacation days
• Homeoffice & Holiday allowance
• Relax rooms
• Multisport card
• Technical courses, Certifications
• Worldwide IT Conferences
• Commercial partners discounts
• Ness Summer club – full-day summer program for children of our employees
• Diners club credit card
• High-standard working conditions
• Geeky Fridays
• Massages Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Master's degree)Educational SpecializationITLanguage skillsEnglish - Intermediate (B1) or French - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeUX design - SkillfulUX/UI Design - SkillfulWireframing - SkillfulHTML - SkillfulCSS - SkillfulPersonality requirements and skills★ 4+ years of UX/UI experience for web and mobile applications
★ User research and usability testing
★ User Experience skills in wireframes, workflows, prototypes, and personas
★ User Centred Design process and usability principles
★ User Interface skills (design patterns, iconography, imagery production, etc)
★ Design tools (Adobe Creative Suite, Visio, Axure, etc)
★ User Experience solutions for a given problem
★ web technologies (HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, DHTML, etc…) Advertiser Brief description of the companyNess KDC was established in 2005 and is the flagship Software Delivery and Innovations Center of the Ness Digital Engineering corporation.
In the area of software engineering, it is our top-quality services, individual customer approach and ability to achieve targets which are most highly valued by our clients. Thanks to these, Ness Kosice enjoys long-term business relationships with its customers. Our teams of professionals first process and analyze client’s requirements; then, through cooperation with the client, they use the newest technology to fulfil these requirements in an “agile” environment.
Our glowing references and strong corporate background continuously attract the interest of new clients. As a result, Ness KDC is now one of the most important employers in the region with a workforce of more than 600 people. Number of employees500-999 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Michaela VilčekováTel.: +421911893043E-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4519691 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  14.2.2023 
    2023-02-14
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Frontend developer, IC Design Engineer, User Experience Expert, Web Designer   Spoločnosť: NESS KE, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 200 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
