                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJava Software Engineer  
Java Software Engineer Infobip
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
Based upon agreement.
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. Final offered salary varies based on relevant skills and experience.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWhy is this role important at Infobip?Being a part of Infobip Engineering Powerhouse means working on an in-house developed product and delivering solutions on a global level.  As a Java Software Engineer you will be dedicated to your microservices and deal with challenges of large architecture that is scalable, balanced, sends over 400 million messages daily and helps our clients to grow their business. It’s an opportunity to work in one of our requirement areas, so no matter if you are taking care that our infrastructure is set to place, if you work on the collection and analysis of data traffic, if you are responsible for connectivity and security towards operators or if you are developing custom communication channels, you are an equally important part of the story.What will you do at Infobip? Develop, maintain, monitor and troubleshoot your team services Have full ownership of the code you produce Write well designed, testable and scalable code in accordance with clean code principles Have a general overview and understanding of the interactions and dependencies in the entire system Grow towards full stack development and for us this means work primarily on backend development but also expand your knowledge on working with databases, system design, alerting and monitoring tools and frontend development Work within agile framework (Scrum, LESS) and have a dedicated Product Manager Participate with your team in agile practices such as sprint planning and retrospectives Expand and improve your knowledge both internally and externally and be a part of engineering community Employee perks, benefitsOur benefit package includes: Linux / Mac / Windows workstations as per employee preference Latest versions of programming languages Educational budget Multisport card covered fully by the company Business cell phone for personal use English lessons Referral program 27 vacation days per year Extra days off (wedding, child birth,..) Competitive annual bonus system Dedicated time to self-study (12 days per year) Flexible working hours Annual DevDays & Shift Conference in Croatia Company events and teambuildings Employee Stock Ownership Plan... and many othersWhy our employees choose us (and stay)?  Big and complex infrastructure – When we talk about a large system, we really mean it. We have datacentres all over the world, from Washington to Hong Kong, and they include around 200 physical and 2000+ virtual servers. Be a part of a system that is live 24/7 and generates traffic that measures in millions of messages every minute.Never a dull moment – We work with powerful companies with strong impact, which pushes us to work on the highest possible level. Work on uncharted challenges and push boundaries on a daily basis.Opportunity Knocks. Often. – Being a part of a growing company in a growing industry – we challenge you not to grow! Lots of opportunities for development; whether it’s horizontal, vertical, or angular, we want to support the path that you want to carve.Grow your knowledge – Learn as you go, starting from the internal education and onboarding from your colleagues, to our 3-day Dev conference, e-learning to attending conferences. Knowledge is for sharing, and learning is a path to growth. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Educational SpecializationComputer ScienceLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Experience in the position/sectorExperienced to Medior / Senior level.Personality requirements and skillsRequired qualifications:•	Mid or senior professional looking for a highgrowth challenge•	Experience working with Java version 1.8 andabove•	Experience with Spring and Spring Bootdevelopment•	Good knowledge and understanding of object-oriented principles•	Good knowledge and understanding of datastructures and algorithms•	Experience working with concurrent and multi-tier applications•	Recognizing the value of code-review andexperience with code testing (unit, integration)•	Good understanding of RESTful servicesNice to have qualifications:•	Familiar with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, Git,Maven, Canary or similar •	Understanding of databases and datamanagement tools like MSSQL, PostgreSQL,Redis, RabbitMQ, Kafka or other•	Experience with JavaScript (React, Vue.js,Node.js)•	Worked with collaboration tools such as Jira,Confluence and Slack•	Ready to adopt, implement or propose newtechnologies•	Experience in technologies such as Kotlin, Go,Groovy, Python, Bash, Docker, Kubernetes,Prometheus or others Advertiser Brief description of the companyAt Infobip we dream big. We value creativity, persistence and innovation, passionately believing that it is through teamwork that we can all reach greater heights. Since 2006,  we have been innovating at the edge of technological possibilities and are now shaping global communications of the future. Through 60+ offices on six continents, Infobip’s platform is used by almost 70% of the population, making it the largest network of its kind and the only full-stack cloud communication platform (cPaaS) globally. Join us on our mission to create life-changing interactions between humans and online services with new and unseen solutions. Join our development forces in deploying the code that powers the performance of the Infobip platform. Number of employees1000 and more employees 
 ContactContact person: Barbora PohančaníkováE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4083046 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  16.2.2023 
    2023-02-16
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Javascript Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Infobip   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
