                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJava Software Engineer in Public Safety 
    Reagujte bez životopisu
Java Software Engineer in Public SafetyFREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/monthMinimum 2 500 EUR brutto. Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe provide communication and information systems for control centers with safety-critical tasks. Control Centre Solutions’ are developed and distributed by Frequentis in the business segments Air Traffic Management (civil and military air traffic control, aeronautical information management, air defence) and Public Safety & Transport (police, fire and rescue services, emergency medical services, vessel traffic and railways).If you wish to apply your experience and enthusiasm to the backend development of an innovative audio and communication system, used by the Police and Health services, and accompany your product from conception and development, all the way through to the deployment, then the LifeX team is for you!We develop a highly reliable system for professional applications in the field of public safety, based on a microservice architecture written in Java 11. Our product, LifeX, communicates with external APIs (SOAP to the TETRA network for mobiles and Radio communication, Web socket to web-client, XMPP protocol to chat communication…).High quality of safety critical systems, personal and professional fulfillment and growth of our team members are our key values. If you share these values with us, become one of us!Main Tasks :•	As part of the team of enthusiastic developers, you will contribute to the development of SW solutions for safety-critical applications in an exciting area of the Public Safety (police, rescue services).•	You will analyze requirements, design and development of SW solutions for telecommunication systems.•	You will use the tools for code analysis and automated testing procedures (Test Driven Development).•	You will document SW solutions in accordance with the international quality standards.•	You will contribute to the safer SW solutions using agile development, automated testing, and continuous integrations.Used Software & Technologies :•	Project Support: Git, Jira, Confluence, Jama, Jenkins, Maven, Intellij IDEA•	Testing: JUNIT tests, FitNesse, CATS•	Code Quality: checkstyle, PMD, Findbugs, CPD•	SQL, Websocket, Webserver / Webclient, SPRING, SIP, XML, JSON, SOAP, AnsibleEducation :•	Technical education in ITKnow-how and experience :•	Experience with the operations systems Windows, UNIX/Linux.•	Experience with JAVA – advanced•	English & Slovak language - proficient in spoken and written communication. Employee perks, benefits•	Training and development program (professional internal & external trainings, language course)•	Flexible working hours, home office•	Refreshments, company & team events•	Meal vouchers fully reimbursed by the company•	Multisport card, company contribution to pension savings (DDS)•	The opportunity to participate in shaping innovations and projects with your knowledge and skills from the very beginning•	Exciting projects and challenges with innovative software systems that help save lives•	Teamwork in a highly motivated, multidisciplinary team of experts•	Promotion of your personal and professional development Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationTelecommunications, Information TechnologiesLanguage skillsEnglish - Intermediate (B1)Other knowledgeJava - AdvancedUNIX/Linux - SkillfulPersonality requirements and skills•	Communicative and sensitive for different work cultures (we have customers all over the world)•	Be an active listener and able to reflect on other people´s inputs and opinions•	Ability to think fast and come up with creative solutions Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian group FREQUENIS AG (www.frequentis.com), specialized in safety-critical voice communications, for example for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics. 
In the last couple of years this business has evolved from hardware- to software-centric solutions and Frequentis has also increasingly provided mission-critical IT solutions beyond voice communication to our customers. We follow the Scrum methodology and our applications are mostly developed in Java to the highest quality standards. 
From an engineering perspective we deploy state-of-the-art technologies and design patterns. Our solutions use JAVA and Microsoft .NET foundations, distributed architectures, low-latency telecommunications processing, real time web applications, integration platforms and high availability. Each of our solutions contains their own unique and challenging problems to solve.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our products thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our product. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place! Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Eva LajchováE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
You can react to this job without sending your CV. It is sufficient to send a request to the company.Send a request to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4520079 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  14.2.2023 
    2023-02-14
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať žiadosť spoločnostiOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
