                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceCloud Solutions Architect  Можливість для людей з України
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
About us
Our benefits
Students
Open positions
Cloud Solutions Architect
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 12, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/monthOur final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering the skills and experience that you bring to the Swiss Re Group.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesIn Risk Management InfoTech we are at the forefront of Swiss Re's public cloud journey, using innovative technologies and combine it with engineering expertise. If you can bring powerful and yet simple solutions with an engineering mentality to build and extend our Risk Management capabilities, then this position is for you! The Cloud Solutions Architect role will combine design thinking techniques, engineering expertise, networking skills and business domain know how.
Your Responsibilities Include
Solution architecture and engineering of simple, cost-efficient but powerful applications.
Evaluate new technologies and execute PoC implementations.
Acquire and maintain an in-depth understanding of the application landscape in your application portfolio.
Collaborate with peers, data and application engineers to drive the modern cloud architecture of our unit work closely together with your colleagues from Business Architecture.
Keep up with new technology trends and identify promising new solutions that meet our requirements.
About The Team
Our team is the Center of Expertise for Architecture in Risk Management InfoTech. The team is responsible for the technical architecture for Risk Management as part of the Group Operations department at Swiss Re.
We are passionate about technology and eager to learn on the go. We closely collaborate with other teams and colleagues around the globe to share knowledge and engineer simple yet effective solutions. Upskilling and continuous learning is important to us where we maintain a flexible and collaborative working environment. Employee perks, benefitsYou can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card Information about the selection processThis job offer is suitable for people who have been impacted by the invasion of Ukraine.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsYou Should Bring the Following Skills and Experiences:
- At least 2 years hands-on experience in Microsoft Azure and Azure DevOps. Preferable Azure certifications on Associate or Export Level.
- Be able to craft architectural overviews ranging from solution architecture to abstracted enterprise architecture diagrams
- Strong analytical skills and to address problems in a structured way. Advertiser Brief description of the companyAs the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders. Number of employees1700 and more employees Company addressLearn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia. ContactContact person: Jakub Varhol
Apply here
ID: 4493636 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  14.2.2023 
    2023-02-14
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Backend developer, DevOps Engineer, IT Architect, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Swiss Re   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 500 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
