                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceExperienced Data Engineer (for a unique project) 
                                Define your career today.
                                Explore opportunities now.
                                Primary job category
                            IT Specialist, Software Solutions Management, Software Development & Support
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Banská Bystrica, Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Salary (gross)
3 500 EUR/month
Experienced Data Engineer (for a unique project)
Your Role and Responsibilities: 
As a team member of the Data Engineering team, you will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping its future direction. This role is inherently cross-functional and the ideal candidate will work across disciplines. We are looking for someone with a love for data and ability to iterate quickly on all stages of data pipeline. This position involves working on a small team to develop large scale data pipelines and analytical solutions using Big Data technologies. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, as well as, a belief that data driven processes lead to phenomenal products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand sophisticated systems.
 This job opportunity is for a unique partnership between IBM and Apple, related to the direct work with Apple Team in the Analytics area, with focus on Apple Music store. 
What do you need to success?  
• Experience in high level programming languages such as Java, Scala.
• Proficiency with databases and SQL is required.
• Proficiency in data processing using technologies like Spark Streaming, Spark SQL, or Map/Reduce.
• Expertise in Hadoop related technologies such as HDFS, Azkaban, Oozie, Impala, Hive, and Pig.
•  Expertise in developing big data pipelines using technologies like Kafka, Flume, or Storm.
• Experience with large scale data warehousing, mining or analytic systems.
• Ability to work with analysts to gather requirements and translate them into data engineering tasks
• Aptitude to independently learn new technologies.
Education & Experience  
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems. IBM is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics.
Additional information
            IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
SK |
                            EN
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4080591 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  16.2.2023 
    2023-02-16
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Database Analyst, Java Programmer, Oracle Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
