                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceApplication Security Engineer 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukyApplication Security EngineerFirst Line Software s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
4 000 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesFirst Line Software is an international team of over 400 professionals around the world (America, Europe, Asia, and Australia) who develop innovative solutions in the software industry. We try to keep an open atmosphere; we appreciate freedom and flexibility in everything. We are waiting for you in our FLS Family.
We are looking for an Application Security Analyst to join us on an international project within the telecommunication industry. 
A very interesting cybersecurity project for one of our clients. You will be a part of a team responsible for preventing cyberattacks within the telecom industry. This project aims to protect the safety of users through application security analysis and through the performance of proactive cybersecurity tasks. 
What you will do:
- Perform statistical analysis of source code using various tools
- Be a part of a team working on application security analysis
- Perform proactive cybersecurity tasks in an attempt to prevent cyberattacks
- Develop security strategies and guidance documentation
- Continuously improve the processes and procedures to include report exceptions/risk acceptance for further review
- Lead vulnerability assessments and monitoring services across several applications
What skills are needed from you:
- Background of application development
- Application security analysis skills
- Knowledge of Java, Spring, Javascript, and SQL
- Technologies nice to have are Kotlin, Swift, C/C++, Objective-C, Python, - - Fortify, Burp, APIGEE, SAML, OAuth/OpenID, JWT, Fiddler, Wireshark Employee perks, benefitsWhat we can offer:
A great team of professional and creative engineers, who are empowered to share their experience and knowledge
International projects, which are market leaders
Opportunity to work with modern technologies
About Development: we value the professional growth of our employees, that’s why you will have an opportunity to attend a variety of training, conferences, and language courses
About Support: possibility to work in one of our cozy offices with comfortable workplaces and unlimited coffee and snack
About Leisure: we organize various events, quizzes, corporate challenges, etc. We also care about sports activities. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Other knowledgeJava EE - ExpertNumber of years of experience5 Advertiser Brief description of the companyFirst Line Software is an international team of over 400 professionals around the world (America, Europe, Asia, and Australia) who develop innovative solutions in the software industry. We try to keep an open atmosphere; we appreciate freedom and flexibility in everything. We are waiting for you in our FLS Family. Number of employees250-499 employees 
ID: 4518289 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  10.2.2023 
    2023-02-10
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Security Specialist, Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: First Line Software s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 4 000 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
