                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJoin our Mobile community! (iOS/Android/Hybrid) 
                                Define your career today.
                                Explore opportunities now.
                                Primary job category
                            IT Specialist
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Banská Bystrica, Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Salary (gross)
From 1 800 EUR/month
Join our Mobile community! (iOS/Android/Hybrid)
        Our teammates are keen to invite new developers in their team. We are looking for passionate Mobile developers who will be working on further development and maintenance of applications at various clients' infrastructure. 
What would be your job?
You will work with amazing mobile team on multiple international projects. You will participate on the entire app life-cycle right from concept stage until delivery and post launch support, and ensure they continue to function flawlessly across new releases. Your role will be not only a software developer but technical designer and code reviewer on several projects as well.You will apply your understanding of various coding methodologies and tools and know when to use each method to achieve the desired outcomes. As such, you should be able to transform requirements into stipulations and identify application issues, and recommending changes to improve the established processes. During this process, you will use your written and oral skills a lot, as we work in teams and also face clients in daily interactions.
Position is located in Bratislava , Kosice or Banska Bystrica.
What would be your responsibilities?
Developing new features and user interfaces from wireframe models
Ensuring the best performance and user experience of the application
Fixing bugs and performance problems
Writing clean, readable, and testable code
Cooperating with back-end developers, designers, and the rest of the team to deliver well-architected and high-quality solutions in Agile environment
Required Professional and Technical Expertise :
What do you need for your success with us?
• Experience with version control systems and responsive design experience
• Working knowledge of testing, from unit, to functional in a mobile context
• Being familiar with Agile development processes
• Good communication and human relation skills
• Good organizational skills in a deadline driven environment
• Creativity, enthusiasm and energy with a strong customer focus
• English (speaking and writing), German Language is beneficial
Possible roles for you: 
iOS developer– Swift applications, iOS SDK and XCode, iOS UX guidelines/best practice. A understanding and experience with of APIs (Ajax, REST, Web services, XML, JSON, JSONP, etc.)
Android developer– Kotlin, cloud integrations, Mobile Device Management, Java, Android SDK knowledge. A understanding and experience with of APIs (Ajax, REST, Web services, XML, JSON, JSONP, etc.)
Hybrid mobile developer – Understanding any of those technologies: Ionic/React native/Flutter/Progressive web applications
Additional information
            IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
SK |
                            EN
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4255645 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  7.3.2023 
    2023-03-07
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Android Developer, Frontend developer, iOS Developer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
