                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJunior Java Developer for insurance applications  Можливість для людей з України
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
Junior Java Developer for insurance applications
                Start your career at Zurich Insurance Company Ltd
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/monthMinimal guaranteed bottom limit. Final salary offer depends on your experience and requirements.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesInsurance Solutions within Business Technology Solutions seeks a Junior Java Developer for a Guidewire based solution to support a global, business critical application.In this role you will collaborate in a SCRUM team primarily with other developers, business analysts, testers and business stakeholders spread around the world to build, implement, operate, and maintain new underwriting pricing products across multiple Commercial Insurance lines of business.In this busy working environment, the need to collaborate and communicate with peers and stakeholders at all levels of the organisation in an agile environment is of high importance. As a Junior Java Developer your main responsibilities will involve:  As part of a dynamic project team spread across multiple locations work as developer on a Guidewire platform, specifically utilising PolicyCentre 10.1, to deliver and maintain new business driven products.   Working within a fast-paced agile framework, participate in new product development based on business requirements (defined during ‘Inception’ working sessions with multiple stakeholders) ensuring, with support, coding meets Guidewire standards.   Work on integrated development tasks.   When not working on new product releases participate in Maintenance Releases developing smaller projects (such as integrations with other applications, on-going performance assessments, enhancements to current products, identifying and fixing bugs etc.) writing code in GOSU/Java for configuration work and/or integration development and ensure tickets are comprehensively updated for reference.   Within the project development team, align with other developers and document methods of coding for specific topics to ensure transparency.   Participate in on-going unit testing and subsequent UAT ensuring bugs are identified and correctly fixed within the project framework   Employee perks, benefitsWorking time benefitsPersonal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leaveMonetary benefitsLife insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonus Other benefitsEdenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Company and team eventsLearning/DevelopmentProfessional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)We look forward to receiving your online application!Zurich wants to attract the best talent and we acknowledge that talents might not always be available full-time. At Zurich we will consider requests for flexible working. Many of our employees work flexibly in a variety of ways. Please talk to us during the interview about the flexibility you may need. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Number of years of experience1Personality requirements and skillsAs a Junior Java Developer, your skills and experience will ideally include:  1 year of experience with software engineering or software systems engineering in professional or academic environments   1 year of experience with server-side programming in Java/JEE in professional or academic environments.   1 year of experience working with XML, JSON, or YAML in professional or academic environments.   1 year of experience with JEE Application Servers / Web Containers: Apache Tomcat, Weblogic, JBoss, IBM Websphere Application Server…   1 year of experience in SQL language and RDBMS such as MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL…   1 year of experience with software version control systems, including Git preferred in professional or academic environments   Knowledge of Web Services (SOAP/REST) is a plus   Ability to communicate complex technical issues to colleagues   Ability to work in a fast-changing, dynamic, and agile environment   English B2 / C1  
The way we are
        We want to tell you one thing: We care for our employees.
        As a part of our team - you become the essence of our business, because you add value to everything that we do.
                Caring for well-being
                Unique career 
                Caring for communities
                Caring for development
                Cooperating and sharing
Why you will like us
we have that kind of environment that welcomes any ideas that are pushing the envelope
we work hard, but we value your work-life balance
we make the difference – the unique bottom-to-top program that motivates employees to make Zurich Insurance a better place to work
our Development weeks will help you improve your skills
        Interested already?Send CV to the companyAdvertiser Brief description of the companyZurich Insurance Company Ltd is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 55,000 employees, it provides a wide range of property and casualty, and life insurance products and services in more than 215 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations. Zurich Bratislava is a Slovakia-based Competence Center for highly specialized services in the areas of Life and non-life actuarial, risk management, business intelligence, IT application development and service management as well as insurance network. An international workforce of close to 300 colleagues is supporting Zurich’s Corporate Center and Business Units around the globe. Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Laura IlavskáE-mail: send CV
ID: 4512590 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  2.2.2023 
    2023-02-02
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
