                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Salesforce Developer for Electric Vehicles 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
O nás
Kariéra
Kontakt
                        find ( “perfect_job” );Buď súčasťou našich projektov.
Senior Salesforce Developer for Electric VehiclesPlace of workRemote work Basic wage component (gross) and other rewards3 000 € - 3 800 € + variable component (base salary depends on seniority, experiences and qualification of the candidate)ProjectBecome a part of our team and build the future of automotive industry with us! For our prominent customer from automotive area as a joint venture of very well known OEMs, we are looking for senior candidates to join our core team. E-Mobility project is platform for management, operations, monitoring and integration of charging stations for electric vehicles into company operation landscape. Electric vehicles are gaining massive momentum recently and all major automotive companies are drawing their focus there.Your roleSuccessful candidate will be working on growing area on state-of-art technology stack.   The role also includes:  developing, customizing and enhancing functionalities of Salesforce application actively participate in the team by taking leading role (lead and support team members) communicate with business stakeholders,  to manage expectations about delivery What do we expect? at least 4 years of Salesforce development experience good code notes and technical documentation Java and JavaScript advanced skills demonstrable knowledge of APEX Salesforce Developer Certification ability to work in complex environment and enjoy working autonomously fluent English, German will be an advantage Benefits Variable component in amount of 13. salary Company social benefit up to 2 000 € Extra project bonus Company bonus Referral bonus up to 3 000 € Unlimited, fully equipped home office Flexible working hours Hard and soft skills trainings Unlimited access to all Udemy for Business e-learning trainings Language course Contribution on your own hardware Multisport card  ContactContact person: Mgr.  Juliána GreifováE-mail: send CV 
ID: 4510158 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  30.1.2023 
    2023-01-30
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Programmer   Spoločnosť: Fpt Slovakia s.r.o.   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
