                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceStudent Part-time Software Development (all genders) #work&study #pl/sql #python 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
            Working with us means believing in the future; in the great people who are shaping it together every day and in the wide-ranging career paths it opens up. #believeinyourself 
Student Part-time Software Development (all genders) #work&study #pl/sql #python
Location: Bratislava
Working-Hours: Part-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle. With top notch technology, we drive the realization offers the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times, and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region.We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.
We are Erste Digital. We are #digitaltotheheart 
What to do:
We are looking for students to support our agile teams in the area of software development. Typical tasks - depending on the field - would be the development of new and the improvement and maintaining of existing applications.
Get in touch with a wide range of technologies, from cutting edge to mainstream. You will have the opportunity to learn from our experienced developers and can also bring in your own new ideas that will help us to grow and improve. 
You check these boxes:
Enrolled student with on-going program at University (Uni, FH)
First experience with Python or PL/SQL 
Passion for teamwork and continuous learning
At least conversational English; any other CEE language is an advantage
Curious and empathetic, treating all people with respect
Our Offer
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste 
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Learning & Development – We are firmly convinced that every day is an opportunity for learning. Improve your know-how in workshops, seminars and through e-learning – from professional training to soft skills.
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and company time.
We offer you a varied part-time internship position. An internship salary starting up from 7€/h, depending on your skill and previous work experience is offered.
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin. 
Apply online
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4508337 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  26.1.2023 
    2023-01-26
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 7 EUR/hour
                Všetky ponuky
