                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Developer - Java 
Voľné pracovné pozície
Profil firmy
Prečo Scheidt & Bachmann 
Kde nás nájdete
Software Developer - Java
Place of work: Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Salary: From 2 900 EUR/month
Junior from 1 750 €; Medior from 2 300 €; Senior from 2 900 €; + variable bonus. Final salary depends on candidate´s professional experience.
Company profile
                    Scheidt & Bachmann, Mönchengladbach was founded in 1872 and today presents itself as an innovative company with a long tradition. In a total of four largely separate divisions, systems for parking and leisure centres, systems for railway signalling technology, fare collection systems, and systems for petrol stations are developed, produced and distributed. Scheidt & Bachmann Slovakia s.r.o. was established in 1995 at the initiative of Scheidt & Bachmann.  A successful cooperation with the University of Žilina also made a significant contribution to the establishment.
Fare Collection Systems
offers a wide range of products of various technical equipment according to customer requirements. This area covers modern, comprehensive fare collection systems in urban, suburban, and metropolitan transportation with ticket printing and coding machines.
We offer Perspective work in a stable company with adequate financial assessment and opportunities for personal development (soft skills and technical training, language courses). Attractive financial team bonus paid once a year based on team performance. Referral financial bonus paid for referring someone to our open job position. Rich social program for employees (several social events and team buildings, sport and culture possibilities). Free snacks for the whole day (free coffee/tea drinks, vending machines with various delicacies). Flexible working time, additional vacation, "bridgedays". Possibility of Homeoffice. Work in international and multicultural teams (divisions in 23 countries). Possibility of international business trips or staying abroad for certain period of time.
Your responsibilitiesTo the newly establishing branch in Kosice we are looking for a qualified colleague, whose responsibilities will be: Participation on software components development of account-based fare collection back-office system using Java as member of a Scrum team.Example of product description: Account-based Ticketing:https://www.scheidt-bachmann.de/en/fare-collection-systems/products-solutions/account-based-ticketing/More information about the team:https://www.scheidt-bachmann.sk/en/fare-collection-systems/select-your-team/software-development/bratislava/
Your profile Successfully completed bachelor’s or master’s degree education in IT or electrotechnical engineering field. Experience with Java / Java EE (microprofile / SpringBoot). Experience with Linux is an advantage. Experience with OOP. Written and spoken English is a must, German is an advantage. Team player, experience with Agile/Scrum is an advantage.
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4509310 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  24.2.2023 
    2023-02-24
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Scheidt & Bachmann Slovensko s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 900 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
