                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceTechnical Lead for Actuarial Application  Можливість для людей з України
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
Technical Lead for Actuarial Application
                Start your career at Zurich Insurance Company Ltd
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Slovak Republic (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Wage (gross)
3 100 EUR/monthMinimal guaranteed bottom limit. Final salary offer depends on your experience and requirements.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesInterested in working in a stimulating and challenging environment in developing actuarial applications in python, adopting DevOps and cloud technologies? Interested in gaining detailed first-hand insights into advanced financial models and their implementation from a truly global perspective?As the team is currently accelerating its cloud and DevOps adoption, this is a great opportunity to shape our journey. We build new and actively refactor existing actuarial applications using the right mix of modern technologies (e.g. Python, Conda, Airflow, Kubernetes, Containers, Azure Cloud). As part of this we are actively transforming the way we work by adopting DevOps and agile principles and by leveraging innovation and capabilities cloud technologies and modern development platforms offer to us.As a Technical lead for actuarial applications developments, your main responsibilities will involve:   Lead the re-design and transition to a python cloud environment of actuarial applications which are crucial for Zurich business steering and regulatory reporting (e.g. replicating portfolio for market risk, economic scenario generator, etc.).   Oversight and coach less experienced team members in delivering systems/applications refactoring/enhancements and in embracing more modern technologies and way of working (e.g. DevOps).   Actively engage with a wide range of internal and external stakeholders to leverage top level expertise and services and to ensure life actuarial applications and systems are up to highest quality standards.   Keeping abreast of latest technological developments and best practice to identify and implement future developments.   Lead application development strategy and best practice for the whole team.   Lead a small team of developers   Employee perks, benefitsWorking time benefitsPersonal days off, Concentrated work week, Additional vacation, Home office, Extra days off at occasion of childbirth, Sabbatical leaveMonetary benefitsLife insurance from Zurich Austria, Compensation for salary loss during sick leave, 3rd pension pillar contribution, Risk Life Insurance, Meal contribution on top of the legally required minimum, Years of service bonus, Wedding bonus, Baby bonusOther benefitsEdenred electronic cafeteria, Public Transport contribution, Maternity leave benefits, Company and team events, Free parking at the office building, Massages in the officeLearning/DevelopmentProfessional Certifications, Online Education Portals, Extensive Onboarding program, Strengths based culture (GALLUP)  Location(s): Bratislava    Hybrid working: It would be nice to meet you in the office 2-3 times a week, if you live close by. We are also open to hear your preference to work from home more often   Schedule: Full-time   Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Number of years of experience5Personality requirements and skillsAs a Technical lead for actuarial applications developments, your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  Master in computer science or related fields   5+ years of experience as software engineer or developer, ideally working on financial models implementation (e.g. economic capital modelling, economic scenarios generator implementation, etc.)   Hands-on experience with Python or other programming languages commonly used in finance (e.g. C, R) is a must.   Hand-on experience with DevOps tools (e.g. Git, CI/CD pipelines, etc.) and package/environment management systems (e.g. conda)   Knowledge of Cloud Services in Azure or others major cloud providers (e.g. AWS, etc.) is a plus   Interest in automation topics and workflow orchestration tools (e.g. Apache Airflow) is a plus   Passion about technology and ability to develop innovative solutions with a problem-solving and solution-oriented attitude, with a strong commitment to quality   Strong sense of responsibility and adherence to deadlines   Good communication, coordination and team leading skills   Good English (verbal and written)  
The way we are
        We want to tell you one thing: We care for our employees.
        As a part of our team - you become the essence of our business, because you add value to everything that we do.
                Caring for well-being
                Unique career 
                Caring for communities
                Caring for development
                Cooperating and sharing
Why you will like us
we have that kind of environment that welcomes any ideas that are pushing the envelope
we work hard, but we value your work-life balance
we make the difference – the unique bottom-to-top program that motivates employees to make Zurich Insurance a better place to work
our Development weeks will help you improve your skills
        Interested already?Send CV to the companyAdvertiser Brief description of the companyZurich Insurance Company Ltd is a leading multi-line insurer that serves its customers in global and local markets. With about 55,000 employees, it provides a wide range of property and casualty, and life insurance products and services in more than 215 countries and territories. Zurich’s customers include individuals, small businesses, and mid-sized and large companies, as well as multinational corporations. Zurich Bratislava is a Slovakia-based Competence Center for highly specialized services in the areas of Life and non-life actuarial, risk management, business intelligence, IT application development and service management as well as insurance network. An international workforce of close to 300 colleagues is supporting Zurich’s Corporate Center and Business Units around the globe. Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Laura IlavskáE-mail: send CV
ID: 4509228 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  27.1.2023 
    2023-01-27
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Python Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Zurich Insurance Company Ltd, organizačná zložka   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 100 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
