                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceIT Trainer / Developer 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
At Cpl, we like to inspire our employees to develop, take up new challenges and achieve success. We value a lot positive working atmosphere, respect, and high quality of business relations. Therefore we have been successfully operating for 30 years and we are still developing our footprint globally.
We cooperate with global leaders in their industries, and our slogan, Work the Future, motivates us to continuous development and openness to new things. Our goal is to find the best talents for our Clients, and our Clients to find excellent employees who will help them in times of transformation.
Cpl has a huge national reach, we are headquartered in Dublin and have 48 international offices including Slovakia, Poland, Czech Republic, Germany, UK and the United States, providing maximum support to our customers around the world. We regularly leverage this network to identify and source top global talent. In early 2021, Cpl became a subsidiary company of Outsourcing Inc., a leading human resource solutions business, headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
In 2022 we have major growth plans for the Slovak Branch and are already in the process of increasing the existing structures. If you are interested in being part of our development, we would be happy to hear from you.
Currently, we are seeking for a Recruitment Consultant to join our team in Bratislava.IT Trainer / Developer
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Start date
upon agreement
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 2 700, based on experience
Information about the position Modern Swiss IT consulting company is looking for a new colleague to join the team. You will get the opportunity to work with modern technologies on interesting international projects. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:Conduct online banking software trainings for internal and external colleaguesHigh quality and always up-to-date training content, training materials, presentations, and practical exercisesParticipation in the banking software development processCommunication and cooperation with other trainers through the companyActive interest and continuous education in technologies and soft skills to increase skills and improve the quality of training YOUR SKILLS AND REQUIREMNETS:Previous experience as an IT trainer or teacherUniversity education in a relevant fieldKnowledge of SQL, OOP at least at a basic level, and willingness to participate in software developmentExcellent communication skills in English both verbally and in writing (B2+)Strong communication and presentation skills, pleasant personality, and professional approachExperience in software development or other technical positions is an advantage Brutto base salary will depend on the working experience, professional qualification and skills of the candidate. The advertised amount is minimum salary which can be offered for this role and does not include bonuses, benefits or variable part of the salary.Not a good fit for this position? Refer us a friend we successfully place and receive 180/300 EUR shopping voucher! For more information contact me at [email protected] IT ALL COMES WITH COMPETITIVE BENEFITS LIKE:Flexible working hours and home officeThe opportunity to shape your career based on your own preferencesCareer and Development opportunitiesLanguage coursesFinancial bonuses up to 10%Extra vacation days and sick leave compensationFriendly atmosphere, individual approach, and modern working environmentLeisure events Candidate's agreement about protection of personal data:By responding to this job offer, I hereby grant CPL Jobs s.r.o., domiciled at Vysoká street no. 14, 811 06 Bratislava in Slovak Republic, Identification Number: 35881895, a company registered in the Commercial Register of District Court Bratislava I, Section Sro, Insert No. 31323/B (hereinafter CPL) my consent to the processing of all of my personal data provided to CPL for the purpose of realization of the recruitment process for the job position I am applying for, or any other relevant job position in the future. I also hereby agree to the processing of data associated with my physical identity, if the data I provided include my photograph. In addition to the aforementioned, I hereby declare that all information provided is accurate, correct and up to date and agree to its provision and disclosure to third parties, primarily, to other branches of the CPL group and to clients of CPL, within the scope of the purpose for which the data was acquired, which is the realization of the recruitment process for a job position. This consent is granted until the delivery of my self-signed written appeal of this consent to CPL. Main focus of the client's activitiesInformation technology, computer programming, web portals Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Main focus of the company's activitiesEmployment placement and personal consultancy Number of employees10-19 employees ContactContact person: Barbora BlublováE-mail: send CV[email protected]
ID: 4509799 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  29.1.2023 
    2023-01-29
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Educator/Instructor/Carer, Lector, Programmer   Spoločnosť: CPL Jobs s.r.o.   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
                Všetky ponuky
