ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Fullstack PHP Developer - UKR/RU Speaking - Remote 
Would you like to start working for an established US-based technology company? If you are an Ukrainian or Russian-speaking Fullstack PHP developer and would like to work 100% remote long-term, we've got something special for you!
You will work with fellow software engineers in a cross-functional environment to implement a quality product that meets the business goals and are expected to be self-motivated, proactive, and a solution-oriented problem solver.
Your responsibilities will include:
Implement integrations with 3rd parties (see below)
Improve customer experience on the frontend application
Work on new features to help students succeed at their studies (bring new solutions to the market)
Integrations on the backend include:
Student information systems
Learning information systems
Payment integrations => gift cards, vouchers, ...
Dozens of integrations with vendors & publishers
Requirements
Must-Have's:
2-3 years full-stack development with PHP/Symfony and JavaScript
Experience with SQL and MySQL
Ukrainian or Russian language
Nice To Have's:
Vue.js framework
Familiar with API web service design
Experience with Agile methodology
Comfortable with Linux (connect to a server and analyze logs)
Note: The team uses a framework similar to Symfony but custom and Vue.js on the Frontend. 
Our client has created a platform for university students to purchase or rent courseware.
Thanks to the platform, students don't have to visit the "old-school" libraries anymore – they can buy online either new or used books, get digital ones, or rent just before an exam.
The platform facilitates the pre-selection of course materials by teachers, their delivery and also the adoption... so students don’t have to hunt for materials on the last-minute anymore.
Thanks to lots of integrations with publishers and schools, this company is the leader in online bookstore & marketplace services for educational institutions in the United States.
We’re looking for a PHP Full-stack web developer who speaks Ukrainian or Russian to join the team 100% remote.
Benefits
Work in Agile / Scrum environment.
Great Company To Work For:
Stable job in an American company (The company exists since the early 2000s and is constantly growing. Many of the team members work here for 5+ years).
Good vacation policy
Great Team:
Friendly and supportive team based in Europe
Product manager who speaks with clients
Tech lead manages 3-7 engineers
Several SW engineers work in the company for over 5+ or even 10+ years!
5-6 Scrum teams (2 logistics, 1 interface, 1 integrations, 2 more to come)
Technical Stack:
PHP and Ruby
AWS cloud (S3, SQS)
MySQL (AuroraDB)
VueJS
Vagrant-based solution for containers
Contract Terms:
100% remote job with Fixed working hours: from 12pm to 8pm CET+1 
B2B - Freelance contract (Permanent/Full-time/with un-limited duration)/invoice based with Regular monthly payments
Desired start date as soon as possible 
Jelentkezem
