Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Experienced Migration Specialist (REF1592A) (Budapest)
Experienced Migration Specialist (REF1592A) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Experienced Migration Specialist (REF1592A)
Tasks:
Strong understanding across VMware infrastructure components (server, storage, network, data, and applications) to deliver end to end Cloud Infrastructure engagements that includes assessment and migrations.
Good experience in lift and shift migrations with various source environment like VMware, Hyper-V, Physical servers and Other Clouds
Good experience to Migration tools VMware HCX (Installation, configurations and troubleshooting install & config issues)
Working experience to other Migration tools like Rivermeadow, Platespin, Zerto, Carbonite Migrate (Good to have)
Design, develop and architect application platforms on Azure (Good to have not a must requirement)
Working experience on database migrations SQL and Oracle
Skills:
Understanding Fundamentals of firewalls and ports
Hands on experience in VMware networking (VSS,VDS,Portgroups,VLAN Taging) and Network Migration from Fortigate to NSX-T (Good to have)
Hands on experience in VMware NSX (edge gw, Provider gw, LDR, Logical Switches, OSPF/BGP) (Good to have)
Strong Knowledge in Discovery, Assessment, Migration (Agentless/Agent based)
Good knowledge in Datacenter services
Infrastructure Architecture including Active Directory, Backup Networking, Compute, Capacity Planning
Should have experience in Transitioning Projects to cloud.
Experience in handling Critical Migration projects and handling Migration Team
Language skills:
English
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Process and Service Management (REF1237Q)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Quality and Process Manager (REF1572Q)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Release Manager (REF1582W)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
AP Team Leader
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
