Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Quality and Process Manager (REF1572Q) (Budapest)
Quality and Process Manager (REF1572Q) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
német - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Quality and Process Manager (REF1572Q)
We are seeking an ambitious coworker fluent in German for a multinational car manufacturing corporation. If you like challenging tasks, enjoy using your language skills in everyday communication and are looking for a long-term job opportunity, you are the person we are looking for!
Tasks:
Implement a quality management program with tools and processes to deliver high quality
Ensuring compliance with ITIL processes and company accreditations
Monitoring of the agreed quality of IT services and processes
Audit planning and improvement initiatives in coordination with the customer
Preperation, accompany and post-processing of internal quality gates
Providing quality reports
Collaboration with CSI manager
Administration of the document filing sytems and implent documentation strandards
Skills:
At least 2-3 years experience in a similar field or working for an international corporation
Ability to negotiate in English and German
Confidence, good communication skills – in a foreign language as well
Knowledge of ITIL v3 or v4 and practical experience in one of them
Service Management experiences in a corporate environment
Decision-making, proactivity, system approach
Ability to work as part of a team
Accuracy, precision
Advantages:
Higher education
IT orientation / convincing professional experience
Project experience
Work experience in a foreign language
ICT operational experience  
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Process and Service Management (REF1237Q)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Release Manager (REF1582W)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
AP Team Leader
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Quality & Process Coordinator - REF1585O
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
