Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Software Engineer on network field (REF223C) (Budapest)
Software Engineer on network field (REF223C) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
Software Engineer on network field (REF223C)
Our group VNI is responsible for the integration, validation and production of test results ("System Under Test") the group in accordance with the requirements of the Deutsche Telekom AG Platform, as measured by the diversity of. The work is carried out in several virtual squads within the group, mainly with german but also international colleagues. In these squads, we are looking for Software Engineer colleagues. 
As a Software Engineer, we give you the opportunity to beeing part of the Deutsche Telekom’s biggest remote labor infrastucture, and making developement and automation solutions in this enviroment together with international collagues in virtual squads. 
We have several open positions with the following criterias: 
Tasks: 
You support project teams in the development, quality assurance and planning as well as implementation of product releases Gradual involvement in network planning, Review design documents from Planning or Engineering, modify and improve for lab architecture 
You design further automations of services, processes and/or operating models, performing performance analyses and tunings as well as error analyses and corrections
You support the automation of deployments in all environments
You provide and administer a project-specific infrastructure and tool suite for integration and delivery
Automate workflows 
You create documentation and user manuals
Experienced
Intermediate level English language knowledge
Python with framework Django, with modules aiohttp and asyncio
Know-how, and some experience with container orchestration systems like Kubernetes and/ or Docker
Knowledge of data modeling (YANG, XSLT, Swagger) and interface design (JSON, XML, REST, OpenAPI) is desirable
Jira, Gitlab knowhow or relevant experience
CI/CD knowhow
Experience in front end / back end developement or in automation (scripts or in system automations ) 
Datebase knowhow or relevant experience
Accurate and thorough work, inclination to learn, teamwork 
Advantages: 
Experience in agile methodology
German language knowledge (B2 level) or willingness to learn german
Openness towards new technologies, and to network technologies
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
