Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Android Application Engineer (f/m/d) (Budapest)
Android Application Engineer (f/m/d) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Cinemo GmbH
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
Android Application Engineer (f/m/d)
Who is Cinemo?
Cinemo is a fast paced, highly successful global company, a hidden champion, located at the heart of Karlsruhe (Germany), Budapest (Hungary) and Seoul (South Korea). With our team of 200+ international people, we are creating embedded and cloud software for the next generations of In-Vehicle Infotainment (IVI) systems. Our customers are top branded automotive companies around the world.
We are working to empower any device with media. We are growing fast, breathing innovation and customer centricity. For our team we need exceptionally talented, bright people with a drive to work hard for their customers, both internally and externally. If you would like to help us get our software and cloud services into every car, this is your chance to make history.
Position Description:
As one of our Android experts in our Software Engineering department, you develop Apps for the Android platform demonstrating the best usage of our award-winning IVI products.
Responsibilities:
You innovate, develop and maintain mobile Apps using our core product
You produce well documented code with focus on high quality, robustness and maintainability
You keep up with the latest Android related technologies
You will collaborate with software engineers, UX designers, solution architects, but also with our customer support team and the QA department
Experience & Skills:
At least 4+ years of working experience in Android Application development
Excellent Kotlin programming skills using the Google Android SDK
Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles and patterns (Play Store certification process)
Very good experience in CarPlay
Ability to write clean, maintainable and documented code which others can collaborate on
Experience with the Android NDK and JNI code is preferable
You can read and understand C++ and Java source code
Is self-motivated, self-reliant and solution driven
Is always learning, curious, and open to new ideas
Has good written and verbal English communication skills
Place of employment​: 1056 Budapest, Váci utca 81. or Karlsruhe
Benefits/perks:
Additional Healthcare benefit
Flexible working hours
31 days holiday per year
Hybrid working
Relocation support (international)
Modern and powerful hardware
Fruit, drinks and snacks for free
Central and modern offices
Free parking spaces
Challenging innovative projects with impressive customers
Reimbursement of optional German/ English language course
Lucrative referral program
Home office equipment // Ready for work
Salary range for (depending on seniority):
 45 000€- 60 000€ per year gross
The successful candidate will be based at our offices: Cinemo GmbH, Kaiserstr. 72, 76133 Karlsruhe, Germany.
If you are passionate about new technology and keen on working within an international team, Cinemo is looking for you!
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Java full-stack developer (with DevOps)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Mobilfejlesztő
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Principal Engineer, Full Stack Architect
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Szenior C# fejlesztő - High-tech személyazonosítás
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
