Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Platform Engineer (Budapest)
Platform Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Platform Engineer
Our technologists design, code, test and deploy software core to business operations.
These include software for building predictive models, deploying them into production
and delivering their results to clients. Working alongside our CTO and other Senior
Software Engineers, you’ll join a team that is still in the early stages of architecting and
building out core technologies without the burden of technical debt. You’ll play a key role
in setting the technical direction as well as establishing the architecture as we build a
robust data processing pipeline and an extensible machine learning platform.
We are looking for teammates who have strong experience in shipping scalable
software solutions working with large data and throughput volumes. Our expectation is
for you to be able to contribute for the full development lifecycle from data to pipelines to
DevOps and to support our colleagues in Data Science and Research teams. Exposure
and support of Machine Learning and AI teams is a strong plus.
We’re cloud-native and are seeking a fantastic developer with 5-10 years in developing
large-scale enterprise solutions using agile, CICD and cloud. This role will give you
ample visibility across the whole organization and expose you to a vast range of
projects, from building and maintaining core technologies, migrating data with the
research platform, producing and delivering research model results to clients. You’re a
naturally curious, detail-oriented person who enjoys working in a highly collaborative
environment. You’re also able to communicate complex concepts using effective and
simple terms and are open to the possibility of helping build the rest of the software
development team as well as mentoring them, when the chance arises
In this role, you will primarily be using AWS/GCP, Docker/Kubernetes, REST, Javascript,
NoSQL, Python and other technologies.
The hiring manager is happy to speak with candidates who have experience with:
● Python
● GoLang or Java
● Continuous Integration or DevOps Tools
● Experience with Airflow is a plus
.Quick Facts
● HQ in NYC
● Founded in 2018
● Backed by WorldQuant Ventures ($5 billion AUM)
● Supported by Igor Tulchinsky, Founder, Chairman and CEO
● Talented team & creative environment
Interview Process
● Intro Call
● Onsite interview
● Technical challenge
● Second onsite interview
● Offer
Perks
● Health benefits
● Commuter benefits
● WeWork Benefits
● 401K
● Coffee, Kombucha, cold brew and beer on tap
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
