Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cybersecurity Project Manager (Budapest)
Cybersecurity Project Manager (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Cybersecurity Project Manager
Company
With over 200 years of experience in industry and cutting-edge technologies our Global Partner is active in automotive engineering, logistics, plant technology, steel production and much more. Our group have more than 106,000 employees in nearly 80 countries and annual sales of €42 billion.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Your responsibilities
Maintaining customer relationship management.
Ensure coverage of internal and customer cybersecurity requirements.
Create and maintain cybersecurity plan in alignment with the project team.
Project status monitoring and reporting towards internal and external stakeholders.
Cybersecurity risk management during the project lifecycle.
Support central business unit team in relevant cybersecurity requirements.
Coordination of cybersecurity assessment/audit
Coordination of V&V activities for cybersecurity requirements.
Coordination of cybersecurity related work product creation according to the standards and regulations (ISO21434, UN-ECE R155/156).
Documentation and improvement of cybersecurity processes and information.
Your profile
University degree in management or relevant technical field.
1+ years of experience in project management or in relevant field.
Experience at least 2 of the following areas: automotive / project management / cybersecurity
Knowledge of automotive cybersecurity regulations and standards (e.g. ISO21434, UN-ECE R155/156).
Excellent level of English in written and verbal.
Soft skills:
Customer communication
Proactivity
Able to adapt in new situations
Technical competencies:
Basic cryptographic knowledge (e.g. authentication, digital signature, encryption methods)
Willingness to gain knowledge in embedded software development.
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Scrum Master
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead (Facilitator Chapter) (REF1581F)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Server and Network Management team leader
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Project Coordinator
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Line Security Manager (REF1562S)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
