Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Development Project Manager (Rolls-Royce) (Budapest)
Development Project Manager (Rolls-Royce) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Development Project Manager (Rolls-Royce)
About Rolls-Royce Electrical
At Rolls-Royce we are passionate about innovating the power that matters and supporting the journey to Net Zero.           
At Rolls-Royce Electrical, a new business unit established in 2022, we help to drive decarbonisation through delivering innovative electric power and propulsion technology for the aerospace market. In the upcoming years, we aim to become the leading supplier of all-electric and hybrid-electric systems for the Advanced Air Mobility market.
Learn more about our Net Zero ambition:
Rolls-Royce | Utunk a karbonsemlegesség felé (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osWO2NpdLZA)
You are joining a global team which is growing rapidly to deliver certified products to market, offering exciting opportunities to come - and fascinating technological challenges for you! 
At Rolls-Royce Hungary around 100 super-skilled and bold engineers work on the development of electrical technology for power and propulsion solutions of tomorrow. The team competences include the design, manufacturing, test and industrialization of novel electrical machines, power electronics, energy storage, embedded control and system integration. We assemble and test prototypes in our modern labs, on ground and in real flight environment. While we challenge physical boundaries as we develop our cutting-edge products, efficient project management, quality, innovation, and safety dance in cohesion at everything we work on. 
This position is Budapest based. 
Get inspired by our videos introducing our technology:
Rolls-Royce | A jövő technológiáját fejlesztjük – H3PS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPOv8J1gjsA)
Rolls-Royce | Új turbógenerátor technológia a hibrid-elektromos repülés forradalmasításáért (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZQjSlYbCi8)
Rolls-Royce | Elektromos portfóliónk a fejlett légiközlekedés számára (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mod9MNRLSeo)
Rolls-Royce | Ismerd meg innovátorunkat, Pétert! (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9AVNWIj7pA)
Electrical | The Future of Flight | Rolls-Royce (https://www.rolls-royce.com/products-and-services/electrical.aspx)
Rolls-Royce | Adj lendületet a karrierednek, villamosítsd velünk a jövőt! - YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W2jhNlVZ0U)
Join the conversation:
Webpage (https://www.rolls-royce.com/country-sites/hungary-hu.aspx)
LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/rolls-royce-hungary/)
Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/rollsroycemagyarorszag)
YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y64w_NRnpZw)
JOIN OUR JOURNEY AND MAKE AN IMPACT!
What’s in it for You?
You will join an international team of experienced pioneer engineers working on the carbon neutral future of aviation and contribute to developments transforming the way we travel by air. You will contribute to this every single day by
Core member of an international project team, with the responsibility of local and global tasks
Coordination of complex activities (for example risk management, change management, regular data exchange with other programmes for them your programme delivers a solution)
Support the technical colleagues in all upcomeing issues in development, manufacturing preparation, supply chain, validation topics
Regular update of timeschedules, finance trackings
Host different regular and ad hoch meeting, in given cases support decision taking with active moderation
Organizing and coordination of different Workshops
In cooperation with the Ressource Managers show and update in time the required resource demands
Cooperation in priorization of tasks together with the Technical Lead and Resource Managers
Present project status for different forums
Escalate critical risks/issues for the Program Management/superior/local management
Add your opinion for process improvement in case you see there a potential
We are developing new solutions from the ground-up and thus you will be supported and encouraged to patent your innovative ideas.
We are here to help you be the best you can be, and to help use your skills to drive a more sustainable future for society.
Sounds cool, isn’t it? 
You may be the BEST FIT in our Team if
You HAVE:
A university degree (Mechanical, Aerospace, Electrical, Mechatronics Engineering or other relevant degrees).
Project Management experience in R&D or NPI projects
Open personality for technical topics and to have the inner drive for the newest products and technologies
Good Communication skills in English
Any experiences in SCRUM and German knowledge are an advantage
You ARE: 
Good Teamworker with excellent communication and presentation skills
Goal oriented, independent, and structured work with the strong skill of having the whole picture in case of different parallel running activities
fluent in English.
confident to speak up whenever it is necessary.
operating Safely by all means
responsible, caring and act with Integrity
driven for excellency
Our Behaviours:
We embrace Agility
We are Bold and push the boundaries bravely, we speak up.
We pursue Collaboration
We seek Simplicity 
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Scrum Master
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead (Facilitator Chapter) (REF1581F)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Project Coordinator
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Security Officer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
SDM for German Customers (REF1576K)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
