Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Software Engineer (Budapest)
Senior Software Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Senior Software Engineer
In your daily work, you will:
design and implement effective solutions for complex business problems in various industries
solve complex and mysterious bugs and integration problems
transfer your know how to new architectures and technologies
work on all layers of the software stack (web and mobile UI, business layer, database)
mentor and support your teammates
participate in important project milestones; like estimation, releases, elaboration, etc.
maintain and improve code quality (especially through code reviews)
give and receive constructive feedback
Our partner company is a leading Swiss software engineering firm specializing in the design, implementation and integration of large-scale business and security software solutions. Renowned Swiss and German customers from various industries and the public sector rely on their services and products. Their development center in Budapest is continuously growing so they are looking for new experts for our ongoing and brand new projects.
Must have:
in-depth knowledge of object oriented programming (Java is a plus) and/or
in-depth knowledge of front-end (Javascript, Angular, React) or mobile development
solid understanding of the software development lifecycle and agile methodologies
ability to collaborate seamlessly and effectively with team members and potentially with the client
good communication skills in English (spoken and written)
a university degree (MSc/BSc)
Nice to have:
familiarity with relational databases
experience in working in distributed teams
Continuous personal development and learning:
diverse, challenging tasks, a large variety of projects, both in terms of industry and technology
dedicated managerial support, helpful colleagues, supportive work culture
career path: further develop your skills in your areas of expertise, or try yourself out in other parallel fields: project or people management, learning new technologies
internal and external education, online and offline trainings (technical, soft skill, leadership), conferences
Great team spirit:
amazing social environment with friendly, smart and helpful colleagues
company sponsored events (project and company dinners, parties, long weekend in summer)
international atmosphere, collaboration with colleagues in Switzerland and Portugal
Flexible working hours
People care:
state-of-the-art workspace (small offices, height adjustable desks)
fresh fruit daily in the office, free coffee
breakout area with csocsó, xbox, fishpong
private health insurance from Medicover
on-site massage therapist
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftver tesztautomatizáló mérnök
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Thyssenkrupp -
SAP FI-CO Supporter
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
