Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Development Engineer (FMEA) (Eger)
Development Engineer (FMEA) (Eger)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Our client is a global technology company supplying systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and industrial technology, enabling the next generation of mobility. With its comprehensive technology portfolio, the company offers integrated solutions for established vehicle manufacturers, mobility providers and start-up companies in the fields of transportation and mobility.
Development Engineer (FMEA)
Feladatok
Drive the products of the development process in design-FMEA for e-mobility commercial vehicles.
Create the Design FMEA structure based on the system requirements.
 Describe the necessary subsystems and requirements.
 Facilitate the engineering team during the failure analysis.
Identify occurrence and detection of the failures as part of the system/function/mechanical engineering team.
Discuss and agree requirements with a cross-functional team (system meeting). Coordinate and moderatemeetings with internal teams.
Minimize the risk of identified failures and document in reports.
Present Design-FMEA results to review team and customer
Követelmények
BSc/MSc Degree in electrical engineering, automotive engineering, mechatronics,mechanical engineering, or equivalent
Previous experience in the field of system engineering or FMEA
Technical understanding of drivetrains
Practical knowledge of mechatronic/mechanical components; components technology;SW architectures and programming languages
Strong sense of logical and systematic way of thinking with applied experience, theability to quickly grasp technical concepts, self-motivated, results-driven individual,moderation skills and experiences, team player; Sensitivity for quality
Ability to make decisions independently
Excellent documentation and communication skills in English, both written and spoken
Amit kínálunk
Stable company background and long-term working possibility
Full of challenges and high-level professional activities at an international company
Participation in international projects and commission to foreign countries
Career opportunities, continuous training program and language courses
Competitive salary and performance-related bonus
Cafeteria with optional elements
School start support
Work-life balance
Munkavégzés helye
Eger
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
.NET backend fejlesztő - Légitársasági projekt
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Software Engineer Front-end
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Junior .NET developer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Test Automation Engineer - C#
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
