Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Security Officer (Budapest)
Security Officer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
SSC (Shared Service Center)
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Security Officer
Duties and Responsibilities:
Information Security System and full compliancy:
Development. implementation and execution of the information security system: policy, strategy and roadmaps, with an initial focus on PCI/PA DSS compliance and PIN based security
Meanwhile implement and maintain the company security framework achieve and maintain ISO 270001 certification.
Ensure Radar Payment fits E2E into their customer’s financial compliancy and security requirements. Achieve certifications like ISAE 3402 in case it is required from customer side
Develop, Ensure and maintain all necessary structure and content of documentation and establish compliancy base lines for the organization
Interact with any inspecting authorities.
Ensure security awareness for the employees
Organize, keep and manage the trainings to be able to maintain the security system on all corporate level
Secure business acquiring and implementation:
Development of technical (functional) specification to ensure effective security defence on Radar Payments implementations
Execution preventive measures to comply with information security;
Check and sign off all FSD documents to ensure customer solution will comply with all necessary security policies above
Conclusion and management of contracts with partners
Secure a compliant daily operation:
Monitoring and verification of works performed by partners; Establishment of rules and guidelines aimed at compliance with information security and monitoring of their implementation; Monitoring, analyses and follow-up of information security incidents;
Develop and maintain appropriate reporting system on security incidents both internally and customers direction Ensure secured environment: Managing activities such as information security risk assessments, vulnerability assessments, penetration tests, etc
Operational management of users and their access privileges in all systems including Operating Systems, Networks, Databases and SV application systems
Operational management of corporate HSM systems, proper key management
SSL certifications generation
Workplace
Budapest
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Server and Network Management team leader
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead (Facilitator Chapter) (REF1581F)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Project Coordinator
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Line Security Manager (REF1562S)
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftver projektvezető
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
