Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Technical Security Engineer (Budapest)
Technical Security Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Technical Security Engineer
IT Security Engineer 
This position will work directly with Security Architecture the implementation of varying greenfield initiatives and BAU Operational tuning. The individual is responsible for ISRS inter-region BAU activities and mission specific assignments as needed. The Engineer would possess a strong level of IT disciplines with a key focus around MS Defender/Identity/Azure platforms, Vulnerability Management and/or defensive security. 
Key Responsibilities: 
Manage day to day Business as usual security initiatives, ensuring deadlines, timelines, and set processes are managed and supported for AMER operations.
Work with Technical Security Architecture to ensure operational alignment with developing security roadmaps.
Collaborate with project teams to represent C&W information security policies and standards.
Work with and manage security service desk L4 concerns. Initiate and shepherd swift remediation action to resolve issues. Document and provide Knowledge Based Articles (KBA) details to service desk to resolve known issues.
Capture information risk metrics into a central repository, analyze the metrics and ensure they are meaningful and tell the true story of the GISO operations
Determine, measure, and agree on actions to ensure that the C&W GISO is looked up as a world leader and innovative in its methods
Lead or participate in various security awareness activities and other initiatives as needed.
Knowledge and Experience: 
Degree in computer science, information systems, engineering, or related field
4-7 years’ experience in an IT function with administrative skills.
Excellent task management and time management skills. 
Excellent leadership and communication skills (verbal and written). 
Ability to collaborate with business and IT partners in task management and project coordination.
Large multi-national company experience preferred
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work cross-functionally and across divisions with others. 
Knowledge of, and in depth experience with, more than one major IT discipline (e.g., distributed computing, networks, Helpdesk, IT Security or IT Webs Based Training). 
Ability to manage and analyze data. 
Previous experience with endpoint EDR platforms and 3rd party perimeter monitoring tools.
Strong problem solving and program execution skills. 
Team player with creative problem-solving capabilities.
Competent in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint 
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Azure Cloud Consultant (REF1499H)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Solution Engineer (GitOps) (REF1597A)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
