Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
IT Contract Management Specialist - German (Magyarország)
IT Contract Management Specialist - German (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
német - felsőfokú
IT Contract Management Specialist - German
Would you like to continue your career as an IT Contract Management Specialist? Do you like animal-friendly companies? Then you don't have to look any further because Fressnapf is hiring a German speaking colleagues to join its Procurement team.
What to expect
The IT Contract Administration team will focus on two main areas. The team will work in close cooperation to fulfil End to End management of IT Contract Delivery: from issuing Purchase Orders based on existing contracts, monitoring delivery, throughout managing invoicing cycle. The responsibilities include supplier and client relationship management on tactical level.
Role 1 is focusing on end to end order management:
After interpreting existing IT contracts, create Purchase Orders to suppliers (both for services and goods),
Monitor PO approval, and service/ goods delivery
Throughout delivery phase act as single point of contact to our Suppliers (manage any discrepancy – price or quantity, in case modification of the order is needed, act on it)
Close coordination with Service Level and Supplier and Contract Management
Having delivery confirmed by the requestors and follow up on them in in SAP, (booking GR and close the PO)
Role 2 is focusing on:
Controlling the financial settlement of suppliers,
Booking invoices to SAP
Checking of invoices, control of increase and decrease of services.
Reconciliation of invoices with proof of services provided by our suppliers;
Preparing monthly invoices for IT services and charging them to the branches
Control of the financial management process
Contact person for franchise partners
What convinces us
Fluency in English and German languages
Around 3 years of relevant experience in Contract Management/Procurement/Tactical Buyer/Strategic Buyer roles
IT affinity
SAP knowledge – SAP MM, FI modules
Deep knowledge of Contract Management: knowledge of different clauses and ability to understand a contract and create PO based on it
Experience in IT procurement or as an IT Buyer is a great advantage
What we offer you
The love of animals is our Fressnapf DNA – if you have a dog, you can bring him/her to work with you
Unique corporate culture – with us you will experience openness, transparency and appreciation in an innovative, dynamic environment – because we love what we do
Here you can be YOU, the “you” culture will be used across entire company and across all hierarchical levels
An extremely successful business model in combination with permanent expansion and high growth, even in uncertain times
Work-life balance and flexible working hours – with us you have the opportunity use the advantages of mobile working
Because you deserve it! – Attractive remuneration as well as various additional services and benefits, e.g. employee discounts or cafeteria scheme, are a matter of course for us
Stay connected! – Cohesion is very important to us: with the employee app or digital
We Care! – The well-being of our employees is important to us
Your development is important to us – we support you with a wide range of learning opportunities
If you are interested in the position, please send us your up-to-date, English CV.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
German Speaking Bid Manager
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Nemzetbiztonsági Szakszolgálat -
Operátor
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Észak-magyarországi Vízügyi Igazgatóság -
Geodéziai és térinformatikai referens (geodéta
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
