Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
SAP Application Developer (Budapest)
SAP Application Developer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Our client is a global technology company supplying systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles, and industrial technology, enabling the next generation of mobility. They allow vehicles to see, think, and act. In the four technology domains of Vehicle Motion Control, Integrated Safety, Automated Driving, and Electric Mobility, the company offers comprehensive product and software solutions for established vehicle manufacturers and newly emerging transport and mobility service providers. Our client electrifies a wide range of vehicle types. With its products, the company contributes to reducing emissions, protecting the climate, and enhancing safe mobility.
SAP Application Developer
Feladatok
Proactively gather, understand, and manage requirements and expectations
Contributing to the entire cycle of product development, from first ideas and brainstorming sessions over the creation of functional and technical specifications to continuously delivering solutions in an agile approach, based on business requirements and user stories
Implementation of applications in SAP ECC 6.0 and S/4 HANA environments including respective interfaces in collaboration with other teams across the internal organization and external developers
Responsible for end-to-end service delivery and operations (development, test management, deployment, maintenance, incident management)
Participation in corporate projects and orders, self-responsible performing of work packages
Követelmények
Degree in (Business) Information Technology or related disciplines
1-3 years of ABAP development experience (with one or more of the following, which are advantages: knowledge of Core ABAP, OOP, Enhancements, system integration, SAPUI5, oData, and CDS)
Experience and knowledge in agile software development as well as excellent analytical skills and process thinking
Fluent spoken and written English (Further language skills e.g. German are an advantage)
Flexibility, good teamwork experience, and strong communication skills in an international environment
SAP module knowledge is a plus but not required
Amit kínálunk
Stable company background and long-term working possibility
Full of challenges and high-level professional activities at an international company
Participation in international projects and commissions to foreign countries
Career opportunities, continuous training programs, and language courses
Competitive salary and performance-related bonus 
Cafeteria with optional elements
School start support
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP ABAP Developer - Specialist
Hays Hungary Kft. -
SAP developer
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Nemzetbiztonsági Szakszolgálat -
Operátor
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
