Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Quality & Process Coordinator - REF1585O (Debrecen)
Quality & Process Coordinator - REF1585O (Debrecen)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
Minőségbiztosítás
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
Quality & Process Coordinator - REF1585O
Tasks:
Change Manager role
Providing the processes that make up the change management of the primary infrastructure (OTRS, OTRS NG and Functional Mailboxes) that ensures the service and operation of the CPM Global Operations organization: change planning, timing, monitoring, coordinating and controlling the activities of the implementer groups, cooperating with the partner teams, controlling the change implementation, analyzing its effects, intervening, if necessary
Processing, quality assurance and correction of change requests coming from the Business side, cooperation with the Business side, review and improvement measures, if necessary.
Cooperation with the Business side in case of incoming other requests and error reports (incidents), proposing a solution
Providing input for the planning, introduction, transformation or implementation of services
Participation in, or leading projects
Organization of trainings, if necessary
Documentation of knowledge acquired during trainings or individual cases, in order to make it available for future use
Checking the fulfillment of processes according to safety and service regulations
Supervision, integration and continuous development of business and ITIL processes
Continuous monitoring and optimization of the ticket management system.
Defining, documenting and implementing ITIL processes
Preparation of reports for the Business and Management
Adherence to SLA’s, proposing changes, if necessary
Quality assurance
Business Continuity Responsible and BCM SPoC tasks
Skills:
Fluent business English knowledge
University degree
Precision
Outstanding communication and cooperation skills
Strong analytical and systems approach
Excellent problem solving skills
Proactivity
Good presentation skills
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Debrecen
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Process and Service Management (REF1237Q)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Release Manager (REF1582W)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Quality and Process Manager (REF1572Q)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Technical Process Manager (REF1591N)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
