Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Scrum Master (Open Telecom Cloud) - REF1555S (Budapest)
Scrum Master (Open Telecom Cloud) - REF1555S (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Scrum Master (Open Telecom Cloud) - REF1555S
The Public Cloud Portfolio Unit operates on a national and international level, for medium-sized and large companies. We develop, market and operate agile, cloud-native, forward-looking products and services for the digital world. We see ourselves as innovation drivers and make our customers' business fit for the digital future. Our mission: Together with our customer, shaping the safest, easiest and most efficient transformation to a digitized and cloud-native future.
Your Department
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group.
We are measured by delivering a secure, stable and innovative platform. We work jointly with our platform partner and other partners out of the OpenStack ecosystem to create a highly innovative public cloud product based on European security and data protection standards.
We are looking for people who are professionals and evangelists with a great deal of enthusiasm for cloud technology and who are up to the challenges created by the development and operation of a hyper-scale public cloud.
We offer a unique insight into how a large public cloud works under the hood, intercultural teamwork, flat hierarchies, and an independent working-style.
Your Tasks
As a "Scrum Master" you understand the latest developments in agile software development in close integration with operations (DevSecOps). You enable teams to continuously increase their success.
You want:
- Accompany and coach agile teams to promote agile thinking patterns.
 Support the product owner of a squad in an agile environment by identifying potential obstacles early on and actively removing them.
 Maintain an overview of processes, communication, and motivation within the team.
 Engage in improving overarching processes and structures.
 Work in a community where everyone helps each other in an open and trusting manner.
Your Profile 
-  Completed studies in a technical, engineering or business subject or comparable professional training.
 3-5 years of experience as Scrum Master.
 Familiar with Agile methods (Kanban, Scrum, etc) and project methonds (SAFe, RTE, etc)
 High customer orientation.
 Certification as Scrum Master.
 Practice with agile methods, development processes and software tools.
 You are a team player, people person and are burning to make a difference.
 Experience as a coach is a plus.
 Fluency in written and spoken English.
You will be working in the European Union to meet our clients' data security and privacy requirements.
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Projekt koordinátor (irodaház-üzemeltetés) - REF1545U
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Műszaki projektkoordinátor diákmunka
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver projektvezető
Hays Hungary Kft. -
DevOps Engineer - Windows
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
