Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Process Manager - Software engineering (REF541Q) (Budapest)
Process Manager - Software engineering (REF541Q) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Process Manager - Software engineering (REF541Q)
As a Process Manager - Software engineering you define the standards for SW Engineering in T-Systems.
You describe the SE standards in a SE Book and deploy process changes to the employees via various channels. E.g. according to inCar development demands, standard compliance (Safety, Security) or to apply to common agreed standards in software engineering like ISO, CMMI, Automotive Spice.
A continuous improvement process (CIP) has great meaning to you, therefore you ask for process improvements suggestion from the delivery units to develop the SE standards of the company.
You observe to which extend the projects follow the defined standards, monitor the standard compliance of the projects with key performance indicators (KPI) and SE Quality Checks, support external formal audits (CMMI, A-SPICE, ISO) as SE single point of contact, and help the projects by performing their CIP. You develop and improve the established KPI set to enhance the quality of our project’s deliveries more and more.
We also support the standards with 2 defined DevOps tool chains (Intranet and Public Cloud). Your task is also to define how to adapt the different tools in their configuration or in establishing interfaces, plugins to follow the defined standards.
The combination of both, on one hand the process management scope and on the other hand the link to the tool infrastructure makes the job interesting and challenging.
You work in committees and communities to share your knowledge and experiences with colleagues and gain from other employees vice versa.
Requirements
At least 5 years of experience in development projects with product modelling relevance
Experience in performing Quality Checks like Q-Gates or Assessments to check compliance with Software Engineering Standards and identify risks
Experience in CMMI and/or A-SPICE
Ability as Process Manager to model and implement processes
High team and communication skills, ability of consulting
Knowledge in different project models like classic approach, agile methods (e.g. Scrum) and DevOps
Possible background knowledge in the automotive sector
Language skills in English, fluent in spoken and written 
Knowledge measuring process performance with KPIs
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
 DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
