Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Network & Security Engineer (Budapest)
Network & Security Engineer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Our partner is - a global ICT services business - looking for a Network & Security Engineer for their team in Budapest. Their team is responsible for the management of the network & security devices in Datacenters, Connectivity towards customers and cloud providers, and on-premises network & security implementations at Customers.
Network & Security Engineer
Tasks
Manages the design, implementation and ongoing management, including LAN, WAN, and Wireless Environments. Coordinates with networking vendors to ensure appropriate platform integration and performance. Makes recommendations to senior management on new technologies and products for enhancement of the network;
Leads and participates in the installation of Network systems and equipment for new facilities and expansions. Tests, debugs and analyses performance, and documents infrastructure components;
Develops Network infrastructure installation procedures to ensure successful integration of systems hardware/software. Develops and recommends technical strategies and solutions to maintain and/or expand service levels with end to end security in mind;
Monitors and analyzes network, and provides results on a regular basis. Takes corrective action to improve data network;
Responds to emergency situations and can perform effective troubleshooting during production outages;
Proactively test & upgrade software on various devices;
Analyze capacity management reports & propose improvements;
Requirements
5+ years of experience in Networking Field with vendor products like Cisco (Routing & Firewall (ASA/Firepower) / Catalyst & Nexus Switching / Aironet Wireless),  Fortinet;
Palo Alto/ Checkpoint/ Fortinet (Firewall);
Expert with implementing and supporting OSPF, BGP, VRRP and other routing protocols;
Fluency in English;
Experience with Cisco ACI/ISE/PRIME/Meraki;
Wireless/Firewall/SDWAN and F5 (GTM, APM) is an advantage;
Offers
Competitive salary;
Cafeteria;
Health insurance;
Training and courses;
Sport opportunity
Workplace
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Azure Cloud Consultant (REF1499H)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Solution Engineer (GitOps) (REF1597A)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
