Közösség
Kapcsolat
Vulnerability Reporting Analyst állás Budapest
C#
Python
Perl
Java
Linux
Ruby
Szoftverfejlesztő állások 
Tisztelt álláskereső!Ez az álláshirdetés lejárt.Azonban oldalunk több ezer egyéb álláshirdetéssel rendelkezik! Találja meg az önnek megfelelő munkát erre a linkre kattintva!
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentOur Client is one of the leading investment banks in the world, and for their growing professional team we are looking for a Vulnerability Reporting Analyst.Elvárások / Requirements
3+ years in vulnerability management or information security reporting functions
Strong communication skills.
Excellent attention to detail.
Familiarity with:
Vulnerability Assessment tools, e.g., Nessus, Qualys, etc.
OS Security, e.g., Unix, Linux, Windows, Cisco, etc.
Web application infrastructure, e.g., Application Servers, Web Servers, Databases
Web development and programming languages i.e., Python, Perl, Ruby, Java, and/or .Net
Business Intelligence tools
SQL scripting and advanced Excel skills
Strong work ethic and a proactive mindset with ability to think “outside of the box” to solve problems.
Experience solving complex data flow challenges.
Advanced knowledge of complex queries for data analysis.
Experience with at least one coding language (PowerShell, Python, C#, etc.).
Experience in automation and optimization of repetitive processes and reporting.
Education:
Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent experience
Amit kínálunk / Offer
Maintain oversight of all infrastructure hygiene, vulnerability reporting, and GEM reporting.
Work with vulnerability lifecycle managers, operations and application support teams, and the vulnerability data team to analyze requirements, design and develop specs and manage data which supplies information to all vulnerability threat reporting and analysis.
Create ad-hoc reports for additional management or audit related requests.
Work with partnering organizations to automate manual metrics and reporting.
Support the GEM Operations Lead with ad-hoc requests.
Kapcsolattartó / InformationCompetitive compensation package with extensive benefits:
Private Medical Care Program and onsite medical rooms in our buildings
Pension Plan Contribution to Voluntary Pension Fund
Group Life Insurance
Flexible work arrangements
Continuous career progression opportunities across geographies and business line
An inclusive and friendly corporate culture with diverse networking opportunities
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary													
Budapest
Nincs meghatározva
 Szoftverfejlesztő
Lejárati dátum: 2023-03-10 08:05:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióVulnerability Reporting Analyst
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaSzoftverfejlesztő
Hasznos linkek
