ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Junior Data Scientist 
Your new company
Mobile networks are the core to accelerating digital transformation and to build our connected IoT society where everything that can be connected will be connected. These networks not only handle huge amount of data, but also generate tremendous performance and log data that allows advanced ML automation techniques to optimize their complex operation. Our mission is pursuing Data-driven operations boosted by AI to improve customer experience.
In our unit we collect, ingest, and archive data from customers' networks all over the world.
Your new role
• Work with telecom Subject Matter Experts to define ML problem statements in liaison with business user.
• Design, develop, validate & deploy ML & AI models and use-cases to solve the stated problems.
• Work on customer engagements when requirement collection, consulting, delivering workshops are also part of the job.
What you'll need to succeed
• Degree in computer science, Mathematics, or related disciplines.
• Proven experience in Machine Learning (e.g., linear/logistics regression discriminant analysis, bagging, random forest, Bayesian model, SVM, neural networks, etc.) and statistics.
• Expert level SQL knowledge, good knowledge of other databases.
• Solid understanding of Python
• Familiarity with Linux
• Being able to work in a geographically distributed, international team.
• Basic business understanding. Be able to correlate ML results/deliverables with business objectives and support ML usecase promotions
What you'll get in return
• Competitive salary
• Annual bonus
• Cafeteria
• Internal trainings
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Junior Data Scientist 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 01.04.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Data Scientist 
 Budapest  
 Data Scientist 
 Budapest  
 Data Scientist & AI Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Data Architect 
 Budapest  
 Data Engineer 
 Budapest  
