ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
1st line Operator (E-commerce)  
JD for Operators (1st line for e-commerce)
* Continuous monitoring of the employer's IT systems from a technical and business point
of view (monitoring).
* In case of abnormal operation of the employer's IT systems, intervene in accordance with
the regulations, correct the error, and / or promptly notify colleagues involved in
troubleshooting.
* Keeping in touch with the employer's clients regarding the operation of IT systems.
Receiving notices and notifications from clients and informing clients about operational
problems in the employer's IT systems, changes in the service, outages.
* Managing the employer's fraud monitoring system, detecting and analysing incidents,
suspicious events, and compliance with regulations and professional rules.
* According to the organisational and operational rules of BPC Payments Services ,
Performing the tasks within the competence of the activities of the organisational unit
assigned to it.
* Receives inquiries from customers at all levels and responds tactfully and politely using
the appropriate telephone / email etiquette.
* Manages all tickets and first level contacts as the main user of SD (L1).
* Ensures proper assignment of appropriate solution groups for L2 operations.
* Manage user inquiries and support requests to ensure a high level of customer
satisfaction.
* Manages and tracks all E2E events.
* Monitors all ICT infrastructure environments (network, servers, cloud, etc.).
* Monitors for multiple distributed computing SW environments.
* Ensures proper handling of payment transactions by the system.
* Responsible for system alarm monitoring and routine system / network routine
monitoring.
* Runs batch processes on a schedule or on request to generate reports for customers.
* Perform computer operational tasks according to a schedule and established procedures.
* Checks and isolates problems and causes and performs impact analysis if applicable.
Required experience:
Higher / incomplete higher technical education;
MS Office at the administrator level;
Experience in technical support service (banks, Internet acquiring) is desirable;
Experience with Help desk systems and bug tracking is desirable;
English at intermediate level.
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
1st line Operator (E-commerce)  
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 31.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Operator 7X24 
 Budapest  
 Cisco Data 2nd Line Engineer 
 Budapest  
 Java Developer ( SAP-Commerce Back-end) 
 Budapest  
 Security Tech Specialist 
 Budapest  
 Service Delivery Manager 
 Budapest  
