ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Medior Java Developer 
We are a Hungarian group of companies striving for innovative engineering services and IT solutions. Our development team expands significantly. If the following tasks sound interesting, please apply!  
Senior Java Developer
Primary responsibilities 
Be responsible for design, development, implementation, support, and optimization of REST API.
Work on developing architectural components for executing models and integrating processes across domains.
Participates in the clarifications of business requirements and translation into functional/technical specifications.
Supports existing application processes.
Working with source control software such as GitHub (preferably), SVN or Visual SourceSafe.
Using modern architectural patterns such as Microservices, event sourcing, REST, and GraphQL etc. to build modernized API framework and JSON endpoints for UI to consume.
Perform DevOps (CI/CD) practices (e.g.: Git, Jenkins, TeamCity).
Follow up and documentation (verbal and written).
Requirements 
5 - 7 years of hands-on experience in Core Java8 or higher.
3+ years of hands-on experience using modern architectural patterns such as Microservices, event sourcing, REST, and GraphQL
2+ years of experience with Shell scripting (with Python would be a plus).
2+ years of experience using Agile practices (e.g., Kanban, Scrum).
Experience in service mesh concept together with API management.
Minimum BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
Experience in usage of backend testing frameworks such as JUnit, Mockito and Cucumber.
Experience in usage of software engineering best practices including design review, code review and unit-testing.
Knowledge of SQL queries and any RDBMS (SQL server etc.).
Self-motivated, task oriented, problem solver mindset.
Benefits 
You will have the opportunity to gain experience in exciting, long-term, innovative projects.
We are a youthful and cohesive team.
We support your career goals with a professional and managerial career model.
Hybrid working (downtown office location).
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Medior Java Developer 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 31.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Medior Fullstack Developer - Java/Angular 
 Budapest  
 Java Developer 
 Budapest  
 Java Developer 
 Budapest  
 Java Developer 
 Budapest  
 Java_JavaScript Developer 
 Budapest  
