ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Cloud Software Specialist 
Your new company 
Life Sciences companies have intertwined into our daily lives and they have a significant impact in every aspect of the economy. Our multinational partner is the number one software provider for the Life Sciences sector in Europe and Worldwide, and now you have the opportunity to join them as a Cloud Software Configuration Consultant!
Our partner company provides a long term professional career for experts from Life Sciences too, who are thinking about a career change in the same industry, but to its technological part. You are only desired to have a technological mindset, and a huge ambition to shape the future's cloud system as a Cloud Software Specialist.
Your new role
Understanding the customer business processes,
translating business requirements into application functionality design,
performing configuration changes in the system,
activating new product features,
troubleshooting system configuration issues,
data import and extraction. Preparing files for data loading,
knowledge transfer and ad-hoc training delivery,
creation of analytical reports based on customer KPIs.
What you'll need to succeed
at least BA degree in the Life Sciences industry (e.g.: Pharmacist)
OR in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math, or other similar degrees
minimum 2 years of experience with configuring/supporting/implementing software solutions in a Consulting or Customer Service role (e.g. experience in an IT Help Desk Level 2 position, or minimum medium level knowledge of managing/ creating Excel Pivots, Macros, and/ or SQL scripts)
OR minimum 1-2 years of experience in the Life Sciences industry in the Clinical, Regulatory, Quality or Pharmacovigilance/Safety spaces.
confident English knowledge,
ability to quickly understand requirements and design & provide potential solutions,
experience with fulfilling customer needs and managing expectations,
customer oriented attitude.
What you'll get in return 
you will be part of a team that shape the future's cloud system,
continuous learning & professional development,
further fringe benefits and bonus after you completed your preliminary period,
flexible working program - work from anywhere and anytime you would like to. Main criteria is keeping deadlines and supporting clients in a high quality
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
Cloud Software Specialist 
Jelentkezem
Elmentem az állást
HAYS Hungary Kft. 
Budapest 
Teljes munkaidős 
Frissítés dátuma: 29.03.2023
További állások keresése
Állás megosztása
Hasonló állások
 Salesforce Marketing Cloud Specialist 
 Budapest  
 Cloud Python/GO Software Developer 
 Budapest  
 Lead Developer IoT Cloud 
 Budapest  
 Cloud Analyzer Specialit 
 Budapest  
 Software Architect for IoT Devices 
 Budapest  
