Jobs by email
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
IT Consultant SAP Basis (d/f/m)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
At Henkel, you can be a game changer and craft your career. Unleash your entrepreneurial spirit by bringing your ideas to life within a global team. Our leading brands and technologies, along with our high-performing businesses will provide you with countless opportunities to develop your skills and explore new paths. Your career at Henkel will contribute to a more sustainable future, while you grow within our vibrant, diverse culture of trust and belonging. If you're up for challenging the status quo, join our team of pioneers and make your mark on the future with us.
Do you dare to make an impact?
JOB ID: 22041997
YOUR ROLE
Lead technology and product exploration, evaluation, selection, standardization and innovation in area of responsibility
Support technical projects with SAP Basis skills (e.g.: migration to S/4 HANA, implementation of cloud solutions and execution of release upgrades)
Steer our external SAP Basis partners and cloud provider
Provide proactive optimization for our SAP landscape
Develop and manage adaptation into Henkel needs and standards
Support technology strategy development 
YOUR SKILLS
University degree in Information Technology or related
5 years of experience in SAP technology and information technology consulting
SAP Technology Consultant Certification is required
Broad knowledge in information technology and project management
Strong conceptual and analytical skills, strong communication skills and the ability to work in teams
English language skills – strong written and verbal communication
Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to gender, origin, culture, mindset, generation, disability, religion and sexual orientation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
40589 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates