Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
IT Service Operations Manager (w/m/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0002ECG
Aufgaben
Mercedes-Benz Group AG is one of the world's most successful automotive companies. With Mercedes-Benz AG, and the divisions of Mercedes-Benz Cars, Mercedes-Benz Vans and Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG, the vehicle manufacturer is one of the largest and most successful providers of premium passenger cars.
The Digital House of Mercedes-Benz AG is the digital unit that enables business and IT
to work together within an agile environment. We are supporting the organisation’s sales and marking journey, by developing solutions that are seamless and focused on the needs of our customers.
Our mission is to provide our customers with the most luxurious online & offline shopping experience in the automotive industry. The Digital House offers the ideal environment for creativity and innovation. As part of our strategic initiative Mercedes-Benz Omnichannel Commerce (MBOC), we want to take the next step in scaling our agile.
Within the Digital House, the CoC Customer Management (ITS/DC) department takes care of all aspects of customer data and the associated sales and marketing processes. Together with our global partners, we design tailor-made solutions for an outstanding customer experience and are responsible for the IT systems for customer data management, CRM and declarations of consent.
In this role as the Service Operation manager, you will coordinate all aspects of service operation to ensure that everyone performs to their best ability and provides the excellent service experiences that customers expect and desire.
You can expect the following challenges in this role:
Work collaboratively with the different ITS/DC t teams, and its partners, to ensure that efforts to maintain customer satisfaction are consistent.
Create plans of action for the various stages of the customer service process, to ensure a smooth support process for our customers across the European region.
Address issues as they arise to ensure maximum efficiency and consistent service experiences.
Continuously monitor metrics and leverage customer feedback to drive continuous improvement of service practices.
When necessary, launch new initiatives that improve upon support-related processes to meet changing customer needs.
Promote a customer-centric business approach.
Act as an escalation point either from customers, or to senior management on IT Service Operation issues
Integrating service operations to the standard Mercedes-Benz processes and systems
Promote ITIL best practices within the organisation.
Interpersonal skills:
Fluenancy in German and English would be required
Ability to engage and influence at all levels of the business
Strong verbal, presentation and written skills
Independent problem-solving and self-directing abilities
Self-driven and flexible with high motivation
Ability to multi-task
Qualifikationen
Your qualifications:
University Degree with Focus on IT, industrial engineering or Digital Business (Computer Science, Engineering, Business Informatics, Digital Media, International Management or similar)
Experience with Service operations and ITIL
A passion for service improvements
Experience in working with agile teams in a complex project setup
Excellent target group oriented communication and presentation skills
Experience working in a Customer Management environment will be an added advantage, but Is not mandatory
Special knowledge
Agile mindset and work experience, proficient in an analytical, structural and conceptual way of working
Intercultural competencies as well as leading international and distributed working teams
Decision making and conflict management skills; high performing culture, based on strong motivation and cooperation and supports diversity, fairness and open and transparent communication
Good skills In confluence and Jira
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process:
SBV-Zentrale@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please keep in mind that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
70565 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.