Jobs by email
DIEHL Metering GmbH
Connectivity Specialist (m/f/d)
Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
AT DIEHL: THE FUTURE IS IN YOUR HANDS!
More than 16,000 employees are currently shaping the engineering of the future in our five corporate divisions Metall, Controls, Defence, Aviation and Metering. Diehl Metering concentrates the expertise of powerful players in the metering industry. Our intelligent solutions for energy data management help our partners all over the world to use natural resources and energy efficiently and sensibly. Apply at Diehl and join hands with fascinating technologies and a unique corporate tradition of stability and trust.
For our site Diehl Metering in Nuremberg we are looking for a:
Connectivity Specialist (m/f/d)
Your contribution to our success:
You have and maintain up-to-date knowledge of relevant wireless technologies for metering and smart cities (such as NB-IoT, LoRaWAN and mioty), participate in IoT events and fairs to scan for new trends, products and technologies and filter them for their relevance.
You check wireless technologies and their attributes for their relevance in the metering business and create solution architectures within our team.
You create requirements within the scope of wireless technologies to enable our development department to start series development.
You act as an internal consultant when introducing new wireless technologies into series.
You support the partner management in the field of wireless solutions.
You participate and contribute in standardization and alliance bodies.
Your contribution to our team:
You have successfully completed a university degree in computer science, electrical engineering or you have a comparable education/training.
You have initial working experience (2–3 years) with wireless communication technologies, ideally NB-IoT and LoRaWAN.
Knowledge with tertiary interfaces like MQTTP or REST and/or knowledge of standardization bodies is a plus.
You speak and write English and German fluently; speaking French would be beneficial.
You are characterized by initiative and the ability to work in a team in alignment with the company goals.
You are willing to travel occasionally.
Your possible benefits:
Flexible working hours
Tariff compensation
Good traffic connections
Family-owned company
Professional and personal development
Canteen
Kontakt:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
DIEHL Metering GmbH
Donaustraße 120, 90451 Nürnberg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates