Jobs by email
Airbus Group
FCAS2023 Avionics System Architect for FCAS (d/m/f)
Manching
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
FCAS - Shaping the future European Air Power
FCAS has the potential to become a future key pillar to secure the sovereignty of Europe, strategically, technologically, and industrially! With Spain joining the Franco-German cooperation, the programme took an important step towards its Europeanization. As FCAS is much more than “just” a new Fighter, but an integrated & combined system-of-system including existing and future platforms and tools, the programme will integrate a wide range of the Airbus DS portfolio and competencies.
Become part of the presumably most important defence programme of the next decades.
The System Architects team supports the development of medium and long term Avionic System product strategies for Eurofighter and FCAS. It develops a product Vision/new concepts based on the knowledge of current customer needs and also proactively explores new operational capabilities beyond existing requirements. The Team assesses existing and emerging technologies in the market as well within Airbus. It also analyses civil and military Standards which might drive changes into the system. It develops new technologies if concepts cannot be realized otherwise. A strong exchange with other Airbus Divisions is required to guarantee a cross-platform approach.
Who are you to be part of the System Architects Team?
You have profound knowledge of Avionic Systems as well as overall aircraft architectures
You have an in depth knowledge of System Engineering principles and development approaches
You identify stakeholders and capture their needs and expectations
You elicit and validate requirements whilst considering the complete system Life Cycle
You design and define possible architectures, in collaboration with subject matter experts, based on the requirements
You perform trade-off analysis in order to select the best solution fulfilling the requirements
You validate architectures
You lead verification of the implementation
You perform operational and in-service evaluation
You understand and assess the impact of design changes requested during the entire product lifecycle
You enjoy working on complex systems
You work independently and responsibly as part of an international team and in a multinational project environment
You are result-oriented
You have good written and spoken English skills
Which additional skills are beneficial?
You have a degree in Electrical Engineering, Aeronautical Engineering, Computer Science or similar
You have system architecture experience in defence or non defence related projects
You have experience in the area of R&T
You are self-motivated and have excellent communication skills
What do we offer?
Challenging tasks for/with unique services and products
Pleasant working atmosphere in a professional and international work environment
Comprehensive on-boarding included
Exciting development opportunities and perspectives
Extensive company training offers (eLearning and Classroom Trainings)
Flexible working hours
Compatibility of work and family life
Attractive remuneration
Company Pension Scheme
Good connections to public transport and local parking facilities
Catering facilities on site
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner