Jobs by email
Bavarian International School gAG
IT Support Specialist (w/m/x)
Haimhausen
Permanent contract, Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 18 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
  The Bavarian International School gAG (BIS) is one of the leading international schools in Germany. We serve 1,200 students from 60 nations on two campus locations in Haimhausen and Munich-City (Leopoldstraße) under our motto "Believe. Inspire. Succeed." A total of 240 employees, including 180 teachers, ensure the provision of an excellent education in a high quality setting. We run a 1 to 1 iPad/laptop programme for our Grade 4-12 students, teachers and staff. Furthering our journey to the "School of the Future", BIS continues to set benchmarks and is planning a new Creativity & Innovation Center. We are seeking a First Level Technical Support representative to work from our IT Helpdesk. Main responsibilities are based at the Haimhausen Campus with the occasional necessity to work from our Munich Campus.
  We are seeking to fill the position of IT Support Specialist at the Haimhausen Campus. An initial one-year contract will be offered with the option of renewal into a permanent contract. In principle, we are aiming for a permanent employment relationship. 
Ihre Aufgaben
  Responsible for providing technical support concerning hardware, software, network, printing, and account related incidents, questions, and/or issues
Responsible for setup and support of presentations and events involving projectors, computers, and microphones on an as needed basis
Troubleshoots problems with operating systems, hardware, network access and a variety of software applications
Handles problem recognition, research, isolation, resolution and follow-up for routine user problems, bringing in the rest of the IT Team as necessary
Responsible for creation of new staff accounts in conjunction with our automated account provisioning system and management of group based access control rights
Works with the rest of the IT team to provide user training and hardware and software rollout
Analysis of tickets in order to discover any underlying issues or trends
Update and maintain IT documentation for both end users and internal IT processes and KB articles 
Ihr Profil
  Two years in a customer focused IT support position
Excellent customer service skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Fluency in written and spoken English
Conversational level German
Experience with Apple hardware and software including iOS, macOS, iPads, iMacs, Laptops, iLife, and iWorks
Experience with Windows laptops and operating systems
Available to work occasional evenings and weekends for special school related events
Ability to work at either the Haimhausen or Munich campus as required 
Wir bieten
Bavarian International School provides a collegial work environment with a competitive compensation plan. We offer a varied and exciting job with an international spirit, at a modern campus with the best equipment.
We promote professional development and training, we live diversity, and the work-life balance of our employees is important to us. Therefore, we offer excellent working conditions and social benefits.
A successful applicant will be joining a dynamic, forward thinking 10 person IT / Educational Technology Team and have the opportunity to work with a wide range of current products and technologies. In support of the First Level Technical Support Representative role, BIS is able to offer the possibility for internal and/or external training where necessary.
  Further information and the duty statement is available on our website.
www.bis-school.com/careers 
  Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bavarian International School gAG
Hauptstrasse 1, 85778 Haimhausen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.