Jobs by email
snapADDY GmbH
Data Scientist m/w/d
Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About snapADDY
snapADDY develops software-as-a-service to digitize the world of sales. With our products, we help companies automatically capture contacts and leads at trade shows and in everyday life. In this way, we reduce the unnecessary and cumbersome work of manually entering contacts and improve data quality in CRM systems. Our software solutions enjoy great popularity and are currently used productively by more than 2.000 customers: from start-ups to medium-sized companies and corporations.
Since its founding in 2015, the company has grown from a start-up to a team with over 70 international employees. In January 2021, we opened our second location in Vulaines-sur-Seine, near Paris. Our mission is to become the world's leading company that automatically keeps CRM systems up to date and provides the best quality way to capture contacts and leads.
Your daily doing will involve
Contributing to and further developing our intelligent address parser, which ensures the correct recognition of contact data in our products.
Diverse tasks related to the recognition of contact data from various sources
Contributing your own ideas related to Machine Learning and Deep Learning to existing projects
Data wrangling, annotation and preparation of test, training and knowledge databases
Working closely with your colleagues in our data team
Your profile
Degree in computer science, data science, digital humanities or related subjects
Solid know-how in Machine Learning and/or Data Science
Practical experience in Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Good knowledge of Python 3; ideally also experience with tools from Data Science (g.,Jupyter, Pandas, ...)
Strong commitment to quality and independent, solution-oriented approach to work
Structured and analytical work when developing prototypes and conducting experiments
Enjoying, having good ideas and being responsible when dealing with large amounts of data
What we can offer
Your own challenging area of responsibility, which you can significantly advance
Working with latest technologies in Data Science, e.g. Deep Learning with PyTorch, Machine Learning with scikit-learn, data analysis with Pandas etc.
Hands-on experience coding tens of thousands of requests a day in production
Varied tasks in a motivated and dynamic team
Working in a fast-growing and successful tech startup with flat hierarchies
Working with the latest technologies in a fully equipped 750 m² office in Würzburg's city center
Free drinks, cereal bar and team events with team dinner
Regular and free massage directly in the office
The best colleagues in town
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €