Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Cellular 4G/5G Firmware Verification Architect (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Do you have a passion for invention and self-challenge? Do you thrive on pushing the limits of what’s considered feasible? As part of a world-class modem team, you’ll craft sophisticated leading-edge embedded firmware that delivers more performance in our products than ever before. You’ll work across disciplines to transform improved hardware elements into a single, integrated design. Join us, and you’ll help us innovate new wireless systems technologies that continually outperform the previous iterations. By collaborating with other product development groups across Apple, you’ll push the industry boundaries of what wireless systems can do and improve the product experience for our customers across the world. Do you want to have an impact on every single Apple product? As a Cellular 5G/4G Firmware Verification Architect, you will be at the center of the embedded 5G/4G/multimode cellular firmware effort within a silicon design group responsible for designing and productizing state-of-the-art cellular SoCs. This position requires someone comfortable will all aspects of embedded firmware verification, that thrives in a dynamic cross-functional organization, is not afraid to debate ideas openly, and is flexible enough to pivot on constantly evolving requirements.
Description
Work with a team of component verification, integration, protocol test engineers, firmware developers and system engineers to create firmware verification use cases and end to end physical layer performance
Design and develop verification frameworks for the 4G/5G firmware
Design, develop and execute test cases for the 4G/5G firmware
Verify key protocol, signal processing and numerical algorithms with very tight time, latency and energy budgets
Work with Hardware/Firmware/Systems teams to create verification architecture for new and existing features
Assist in the development of pre-silicon emulation systems/virtual platforms and use them for pre-silicon firmware design verification
Evaluate and implement leading-edge tools for build, formal verification and test
Define methodologies and best practices for verification and reporting,
Additional Requirements
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
In-depth understanding of 5G and 4G 3GPP specifications with a focus on physical layer, protocol stack procedures and configurations, systems design and implementation
Strong experience and a solid understanding of 4G/5G wireless systems design, RF interface and firmware architecture
Capability of defining complex verification use cases and schemes and drive system performance and define verification criteria
Experience with firmware test case planning, design, and development for the 4G/5G functional and performance scenarios
Strong working knowledge of multiple 4G/5G signaling and physical layer test equipment (Keysight/Anritsu/R&S) along with their automation interfaces.
Deep understanding of software engineering principles, and core computer science fundamentals
Fundamental facility with build and source code control tools.
Versatile to learn new architecture and frameworks.
Experience with network emulators, silicon prototyping, emulation systems, and virtual platforms
5+ years with Ph.D or 12+ years with Master’s degree of relevant experience in the wireless communications industry.
Education and Experience
Ph.D. or Master’s degree in electrical engineering or computer science is required
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €