Jobs by email
The Mobility House GmbH
(Senior) Cloud-Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About us
Shaping an emission-free energy and mobility future - that is the goal of The Mobility House. To this end, our technology links the automotive and energy sectors. We integrate vehicle batteries into the power grid through intelligent charging and energy solutions. The whole thing was born 11 years ago from a simple idea of our founder Thomas Raffeiner: What if you could use idle electric cars as mobile batteries? And thus make their potential available to the energy industry with its growing storage needs? Thus the idea for The Mobility House was born.
With over 200 employees, we are active worldwide from our locations in Zurich, Munich and Belmont (CA). We are constantly on the lookout for new faces who, like us, are enthusiastic about our vision. Do you want to be part of the future with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application.
What we offer you
Together with you, we have this one vision- to design a zero-emission future for energy and mobility
An open company culture and encourage each other to participate to the fullest 
We invest in you and help you develop your skills 
We are a fun and down-to-earth group with talented colleagues from all over the world
Flexible working hours, work from home & 30 days holiday 
We‘re working in a great office space, that energizes us every day. Most of all we love BBQ parties on our roof terrace near the Ostbahnhof.
More about us 
What you do
You work towards a zero-emission future
You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve our cloud-based software ecosystem that enables smart charging and thus integrates electric vehicles and stationary storages into the power grid
You evolve a diverse landscape of technical and human interfaces to other domains within and outside of the company
You work in a diverse and agile, distributed team and take end-to-end ownership of tasks assigned to you as part of our agile process
You collaboratively engage in the problem resolution processes through code reviews, pair programming and others
You contribute to the dynamics of a scaling company through the continuous improvement of our products, our processes, our tools as well as our team culture
You participate in regular agile ceremonies as well as project related, cross-functional meetings
Who you are
Coding in Python 3 in a microservices environment
Working in a cloud ecosystem hosted on AWS
Develop cloud native applications
Use of commonly adapted tools in a cloud environment
Do continuous integration and deployment in a cloud environment
Ability to deliver high quality reliable code that matches the agreed-upon quality characteristics
Adhere to agile work methodologies using the Atlassian Tool Chain
Our tech stack:
AWS
Python 3
Do you fit to us?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
The Mobility House GmbH
St.-Cajetan-Str., 81669 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Company mobile phone
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Terrace
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.