Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
SAP SD and GTS Consultant
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Global Software Technologies GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
• Support us in these diverse tasks in a different work environment and in expanding our business.
• You will identify and acquire new customers for Bosch Software and Digital Solutions.
• You can use your experience and your network independently in our global team and actively drive our projects forward.
• You are interested in innovative IT topics especially with the use of artificial intelligence.
• You also focus on acquisitions and increasing earnings for SDS.
Your profile
Bachelor of Engineering or MBA as base qualification or other equivalent education
Consulting experience of 5-7 years in SAP SD and GTS module
Having cross module skills in SD and MM Modules. Good Understating of O2C and P2P Business processes
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers
Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines, while maintaining a positive attitude and providing exemplary customer service
Ability to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practices
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Löwentorstraße, Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.