Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Product Lead - ABOUT YOU
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
We are currently looking for a skilled & passionate Product Lead to become part of and direct one of our Tech Units at ABOUT YOU!
Our Tech Department is the heart of ABOUT YOU, driven by the passion to develop the best infrastructure & applications. As our Product Lead, you will direct a 15-to-25-member team of developers and product owners together with a Tech Lead. With your deep understanding of structures and procedures of building digital products and software development, you will constantly optimize our complex processes in consideration of all requirements and stakeholders.   
  Challenges in the upcoming 12 months:
Analyzing and constantly optimizing our main tech processes in collaboration with the affected tech teams
Continuously extending our recent testing approach and keeping it state-of-the-art
Enriching our KPI dashboard with the goal of extracting and analyzing the best and most significant data for our further development
Jump to the next career step and be responsible for all business processes within one of our Tech units!
What you will do
Monitor and optimize our main tech processes by defining clear success metrics
Direct and lead together with the Tech Lead world-class product managers, engineers, QA and UX designers
Management of all relevant stakeholders
Prioritize all to-dos and feature requests for all products your unit is responsible for
Work within a dynamic environment with an agile working culture using methodologies such as SCRUM or Kanban
There will be a lot of space for your own ideas, flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes
Who you are
Deep understanding of business and tech processes within a tech company
At least 5 years of experience in IT product management or IT project management
Very good experience in monitoring and analyzing business KPIs
You have excellent communication skills
Strong product oriented thinking & high understanding of B2B enterprises
You are analytical and focus on efficiency
Enthusiasm for information technology
You are self-dependent, detail-oriented and responsible working
You feel comfortable working in an international working environment
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux) also for private usage
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Help in relocation and VISA process
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU. We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture. We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland