Jobs by email
Giesecke+Devrient advance52 GmbH
Lead Software Security Architect CBDC (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
G+D makes the lives of billions of people more secure. We develop innovative products and solutions to safeguard payment processes, identities, connectivity and data. With more than 170 years of experience behind us, we approach each day with renewed energy and passion. We are an international technology group and a traditional family-owned company, with over 11,800 employees in 33 countries. Creating Confidence is our path to success and it could soon be yours too.
We are convinced, that various central banks will introduce a digital version of their currency, a so-called Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) like the digital Euro in the coming years. This will create an entirely new market for products and services that fit perfectly with Giesecke+Devrient's product portfolio. It especially requires an outstanding team to deliver a disruptive innovation of that magnitude. For this, we have set up a team as an independent start-up within G+D advance52 GmbH that has a clear mission for growth and to create a substantial product business. Security is the most crucial prerequisite for the introduction and operation of a CBDC ecosystem. In this domain we expect yet to be defined security standards way beyond standard payment rails. We need to ensure that we guarantee the required security in terms of our technical design, the product portfolio we build, the operation of a CBDC ecosystem and also from an organizational perspective.
To take on these challenging tasks and ensure that we provide the level of trust that G+D has been valued for by its customers for 170 years, we are therefore looking for a 
Lead Software Security Architect CBDC (m/f/d)
in full-time at our location in Munich
Requisition-ID 21358
Your responsibilities:
Define, implement and continuously improve a secure development process for our product offering
Define the security requirements of our CBDC product, on individual component and on system levels, based on the business use cases
Support the development teams to implement security in all required dimensions into our product offering
Constantly raise awareness for security related topics for the development team and give guidelines how to implement relevant security measures into our development processes and secure operations
Preparation and management of any security related incident, emergency and crisis situations
Perform local, internal security audits and coordinate external audits (e.g. penetration tests), audit results and mitigative actions with group security functions
Your profile:
Master degree in computer science, security / information security or a related field including engineering, mathematics, physics and other STEM subjects or equivalent professional experience (ideally more than five years in a comparable position in industry or public functions)
Several years of professional experience in building secure software solutions
Demonstrated ability to perform the functions of a software security architect in a similarly complex environment, preferably in the domain of a complex product development undertaking
Solid knowledge of key IT security standards (ISO 27000ff)
Deep understanding of the key technical and organizational concepts of information security related systems (i.e. cloud, firewalls, intrusion detection services, virtualization technologies etc.)
Plus: Experience in IT security on a critical infrastructure / governmental level
Plus: Relevant certifications in the field of Information Security Management is an advantage (e.g. CISA, CISM, ISO 2700x Auditor)
Plus: Knowledge and practical experience in the application of relevant standards and norms (e.g. ISO 27xxx, Common Criteria, PCI SSC guidelines, NIST Cybersecurity Framework)
Your benefits:
You will play a driving role in shaping our CBDC solution, thereby having the potential to revolutionize the future of payments
You will gain deep knowledge in the cutting edge area of central bank digital currencies
You will be empowered to achieve your maximum potential through a supportive environment that places trust in your abilities and celebrates your accomplishments
All that matters here are your work and the results – where and when you work is flexible
A competitive market-standard salary
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Giesecke+Devrient advance52 GmbH
81677 München, Deutschland