Jobs by email
Scheugenpflug GmbH - Part of the Atlas Copco Group
Front-end Software Developer (f/m/d) Vision Solutions
Neustadt an der Donau
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Scheugenpflug is one of the world's leading manufacturer of high-quality bonding, metering and potting technology with a strong automation expertise. Within Atlas Copco's Industry Assembly Solutions divison, we operate as an independent business line with focus on electronics dispensing. At our headquarter in Neustadt an der Donau we currently employ around 400 people and are looking for you to join our team.
Ihre Aufgaben
The position "Front-end software developer (f/m/d) Vision Solutions" fulfills the purpose of the development, as well as company-wide provision of new software modules and functions for the use of industrial image processing systems. This takes place in direct coordination with the respective colleagues of the software development, the project team (mechanics, electrics, process engineering) and under consideration of concerns such as production and economic efficiency.
Your role in our team
Concept development, evaluation and selection of software modules based on and for image processing
Development of holistic software modules, as well as definition & elaboration of interfaces to ensure structural standards based on respective system requirements
Close coordination, as well as cooperation with colleagues from platform development for the integration of these modules into the product portfolio
Creation of comprehensible software documentation such as flowcharts, functional descriptions, etc.
Support of tests in prototyping as well as in the innovation center
Cross-functional cooperation with other stakeholders as well as the relevant departments
Was sollten Sie mitbringen?
University degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering or comparable qualification
Professional experience in the field of industrial image processing as well as in programming and
designing user-friendly web GUIs
Programming skills in the programming languages C, C++, WPF, QT
Experience with Java, jQuery, etc. is an advantage
Goal-oriented, structured as well as independent way of working
Analytical skills as well ability to identify problems, describe and implement solutions
Strong communications skills in English and ideally in German
Even if you don't meet all the points but you are ready for a challenge, click "Apply Now". We love your spirit!
Was können Sie von uns erwarten?
Onboarding for new employees | Training opportunities | Volvo leasing | Bike leasing | Permanent employment contract | Employee discounts | Fair compensation according to collective bargaining agreement | Company pension plan | Flexible working hours | Mobile working | 30 days' vacation | Company canteen | Bicycle parking | Free car parking | Worldwide Atlas Copco network | fitness offers | fruit baskets | free drinks | positive corporate / error culture | parties and celebrations | company doctor | modern workplace equipment | external health consulting
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Scheugenpflug GmbH - Part of the Atlas Copco Group
93333 Neustadt an der Donau, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.