Jobs by email
IVECO Magirus AG
Design Engineer f/m/d Thermal Systems Heavy Commercial Vehicles
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Iveco Group (MI: IVG) is a global automotive leader active in the Commercial & Specialty Vehicles, Powertrain, and related Financial Services arenas. Each of its eight brands is a major force in its specific business: IVECO, a pioneering commercial vehicles brand that designs, manufactures, and markets heavy, medium, and light-duty trucks; FPT Industrial, a global leader in a vast array of advanced powertrain technologies in the agriculture, construction, marine, power generation, and commercial vehicles sectors; IVECO BUS and HEULIEZ, mass-transit and premium bus and coach brands; Iveco Defence Vehicles, for highly-specialised defence and civil protection equipment; ASTRA, a leader in large-scale heavy-duty quarry and construction vehicles; Magirus, the industry-reputed firefighting vehicle and equipment manufacturer; and IVECO CAPITAL, the financing arm which supports them all. Iveco Group employs approximately 34,000 people around the world and has 29 manufacturing plants and 31 R&D centres.
DESIGN ENGINEER F/M/D THERMAL SYSTEMS HEAVY COMMERCIAL VEHICLES
Location: Ulm
Start: asap
Main tasks:
Thermal systems won’t ever leave you cold? Excellent! In this position, you will generate, create and review 3d, 2d and analytical models. The PDM management and the definition of interfaces, concept studies and monitoring of design steps with internal and external partners will also belong to your responsibilities. You will demonstrate cross-functional competences towards validation department, process engineering, manufacturing, purchasing and suppliers. Furthermore, you will be responsible for the creation of BOMs and technical documentation. New designs (FEA, CFD, etc.) will be pre-dimensioned as well as pre-calculated by you. In consideration of function, efficiency, cost, weight and packaging, you will define basic requirements for new design projects and product cards for the next design steps (implementation of lessons learned on subsequent products). Moreover, your tasks will include the definition and supervision of external work packages and the documentation of the acquired knowledge in design standards. All documentation and written correspondence has to be carried out in English.
Requirements:
Successful bachelor or master degree in mechanical engineering, automotive engineering, mechatronics or in a relate field • 3–5 years of working experience, ideally as mechanical or vehicle design engineer in the automotive/commercial vehicle industry • Knowledge of thermal systems (Diesel, natural power, and zero-emission vehicles) for commercial and/or automotive vehicle technology • Knowledge of technical documentation (design, layout, drawing, dimensioning, tolerances), manufacturing technologies and materials • Good communication and interpersonal skills, assertiveness, self-reliance and teamwork orientation also in intercultural teams • Working knowledge of FMEA, DVP&R, APQP, problem solving methods (8D, Ishikawa, etc.) • Familiar with fastening methodologies • German and English language fluent written and spoken, other languages are a plus • Cross-functional collaboration with all involved stakeholders related to the system and its integration • Knowledge of systems engineering principles and their application to vehicle design and development • CAE software: Proficiency in using CAE software such as Catia V5, V6 • Willingness to travel (about 5 %)
Our offer:
Excellent prospects for the future through our internal training • Tariff-based remuneration with Christmas and holiday bonuses • 30 days of vacation per year • Attractive conditions • Pleasant working atmosphere • Regulated working hours
Ready for something big?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
IVECO Magirus AG
Ulm, Deutschland