Jobs by email
Hologic Inc. Germany
Senior Administrator (m/w/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
We are a company driven by the impact we have on our global community.
We strive for greatness in both our products and our people.
Our business is going from strength to strength and to support our growth, we are looking for the best to join us.
Come and discover an administrative career with real meaning. One that offers the opportunity to showcase your talents, achieve measurable success and gain immense satisfaction by enabling healthier lives everywhere, every day.
Your tasks
As a Senior Administrator, you will be supporting our sales team to manage the completion of quotations, handle pricing queries from other functions, work closely with the sales teams on the renewal of expiring contracts and support sales teams in the preparation of public tenders. The contribution of the role is measured through Hologic’s win rate for commercial opportunities.
In addition, you will also:
Own the quotation process for the country units, ensuring the completion of all activities on time and to exemplary standards
Be responsible for matrix management and networking. Whilst you won’t hold direct control, you must strive to achieve excellent results through maintaining working relationships with all other supporting teams on behalf of the wider sales enablement organization.
Be up to date with ever evolving market and legal framework.
Your profile
Our mission is to be a global champion, and to do this we need you to be passionate, have excellent attention to detail and be a real team player. We want to see your willingness to learn whilst delivering an exceptional service.
You must also be fluent, both written and spoken, in English & German. In addition, French and Italian would be desirable.
What we offer
We are committed to making Hologic the company where top talent comes to grow. For you to succeed, we want to enable you with the tools and knowledge required and so we provide comprehensive training when you join as well as continued development and training throughout your career.
We offer a competitive salary which our talent partner can discuss with you.
From a benefits perspective, you will join our wide-ranging benefits policy including pension, medical insurance, paid holidays, parental leave and many more!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Hologic Inc. Germany
Berlin, Deutschland