Jobs by email
DIEHL Metering GmbH
DevOps Engineer (m/f/d)
Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
AT DIEHL: THE FUTURE IS IN YOUR HANDS!
More than 16,000 employees are currently shaping the engineering of the future in our five Corporate Divisions Metall, Controls, Defence, Aviation and Metering. Diehl Metering concentrates the expertise of powerful players in the metering industry. Our intelligent solutions for energy data management help our partners all over the world to use natural resources and energy efficiently and sensibly. Apply at Diehl and join hands with fascinating technologies and a unique corporate tradition of stability and trust.
For our site Diehl Metering GmbH in Nuremberg we are looking for a:
DevOps Engineer (m/f/d)
Your contribution to our success:
You build and enhance de­vel­op­ment tools and in­fra­struc­ture with fo­cus on sta­bil­ity and scalab­il­ity.
You design and im­prove CI/CD auto­ma­tion to en­able quick re­lease and de­ploy­ment cycles.
You carry out tests and set bench­marks to mit­ig­ate po­ten­tial pro­duc­tion er­rors.
You provide in­tern­al tech­nic­al sup­port and conduct root cause ana­lys­es in case of er­rors.
You provide mon­it­or­ing and re­port­ing based on defined KPIs to re­duce the oc­cur­ence of er­rors.
You ensure that sys­tems are safe and se­cure against cy­ber­se­cur­ity threats.
Your contribution to our team:
You hold a uni­versity de­gree in com­puter sci­ence, en­gin­eer­ing or a com­par­able field.
You possess ex­per­i­ence as a De­vel­op­ment Op­er­a­tions En­gin­eer or a sim­il­ar soft­ware en­gin­eer­ing role.
You have expertise in work­ing with tools like Git, Jen­kins, Azure, Kuber­netes, Dock­er, Kibana, Pro­meth­eus and Grafana.
You bring a prob­lem-solv­ing at­ti­tude.
You share a col­lab­or­at­ive team spir­it.
Our possible benefits:
Internal training programs
Home office
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
DIEHL Metering GmbH
Donaustraße 120, 90451 Nürnberg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates