Jobs by email
SMS digital GmbH
Senior Backend Developer (m/w/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
SMS digital GmbH
SMS digital GmbH is a leading provider of digital solutions in the metal industry. Since 2016 we develop innovative software solutions in the field of cloud computing to push digitalization forward. As a digital subsidiary of SMS group GmbH, the market leader in plant and mechanical engineering, we benefit from state-of-the-art development methods, metallurgical process know-how and technological expertise. Our goal is to optimize the entire value chain sustainable.
Do you want to revolutionize the metal industry with us? Then this is the right place for you.
  Senior Backend Developer (m/w/d)
YOU ACT
Develop a C# and .net based backend for our Data-Management Solution
Modify Container (K8s) configuration for better deploys
Managing and improving our CI/CD pipeline
Following Clean code approaches and knowledge of how / when to apply design patterns
Participation in the design of system architectures and the selection of technologies
Our tech stack: C#, .net, PostgreSQL, Cloud providers: AWS, Alibaba
 YOU KNOW
3+ years of experience in software development
Ability to perform code reviews
Working independently (self-reliant), a high degree of self-organization within the teams
Hands-on experience with modern VCS and software development and deployment methodologies (Git, GitFlow)
Experience in building applications/services (AWS, microservices and dockers are a plus)
Willing to take ownership of challenges, propose creative and cost-efficient solutions and deliver such solutions in a teamwork environment
Quick adoption of responsibility
Fluent in English (German is plus)
WE CONVINCE
Working environment of your choice (Windows, Linux, macOS)
Drive development by being involved from the first step of design to implementation and production to kick-start digitalization in metallurgy
Further development of personal methodological and technical excellence
Intensive knowledge exchange with experienced colleagues
Opportunities for growth both in domain knowledge as well as related business and soft skills
Big impact on operational excellence, the data landscape and architecture of our developments
Fast moving and ambitious work environment accompanied by an everyday learning atmosphere
Having a good time
30 holiday days
No dress code
As an innovative and international employer, we offer you a performance-oriented salary package and the opportunity to achieve the ideal family/work life balance, e.g. with our in-house children's daycare center, flexible working hour models, and homeworking options. Click here to learn more about the benefits of working for SMS digital.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
SMS digital GmbH
Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.