Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Configuration Management Engineer for MBOS Base Layer ADAS (f/m/x)
Böblingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002GKJ
Tasks
At Mercedes-Benz, we invented the car and now, we strive for nothing less than taking the lead in car software. We will do this with a proprietary software development approach, strong partners like NVIDIA and our own proprietary MBOS operating system. MBOS will be developed in-house and is scheduled for launch in 2024. It is a holistic, software focussed approach from the hardware over embedded software, the intelligent could up to the IoT. This will allow greater speed, more frequent updates and upgrades, mastering the increasing complexity and will be designed around scalable architectures.
The ADAS domain with its powerful high computing platform and intelligent sensors will not only deliver cutting edge ADAS customer experience but is also a one of the crucial pillars for MBOS.
With an international team, we want to integrate people who appreciate quality, creativity and teamwork just as much as we do. Together we create the world’s best cars with passionate technology on exciting topics like: automated and autonomous driving, infotainment systems or mobile APPs. And we need YOU to shape the future of Mercedes-Benz!
About the role
In the autonomous driving team, we focus on the development of the future autonomous driving system for Mercedes-Benz cars. We integrate a variety of high-end sensors and the overall ADAS SW stack. The system is developed in-house at Mercedes-Benz and with other partners, like NVIDIA.
These challenges await you:
For a Configuration Management Engineer we are looking for a qualified configuration management (CM) Specialist (f/m/x) with experience in data management, configuration identification and control, configuration status accounting, configuration auditing and providing CM training s to the teams.
You are r esponsible for control of the technical configuration of project assets by applying processes for documentation, change control management, reconfiguration, baselining and other relevant processes. You are also responsible for implementing and managing of the Configuration Management processes according to ASPICE requirements in our Workstream, as well as for their further development.
What we offer
A chance to work on a new generation of cutting edge ADAS, which will power millions of Mercedes-Benz cars
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
Flexible working hours
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
Degree in Computer Science Engineering, Information Technology, Electrical Engineering or comparable
Several years of relevant professional experience, hands-on experience in software configuration management. Strong experience in ASPICE conformant implementation of CM
Proficient in configuration item identification, baseline definition and source code control
Thorough understanding of Software Configuration Control Board processes and preparation of Software Version Descriptions
Proficient with source code configuration management tools
Demonstrated ability to coordinate cross-functional work teams toward task completion
Advanced written and verbal communication in English and German skills are necessary
Project Management or Product Owner certification
Understanding of ADAS systems
Experience in working with IBM DNG, Confluence/Jira, Git, Artifactory, Mercedes Intelligent Cloud (MIC)
Proficient in English and German
Personal skills:
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment and resolve the conflicts that arise
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience
Eager to learn and work with new technologies
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71034 Böblingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.