Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Test Bench Support Engineer (d/f/m)
Manching
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a
Test Bench Support Engineer (m/f/d)
The department „System Integration Rigs“ is responsible for the Avionics, Flight Control and Hydraulics test environments, which are used for the Qualification and Certification of the different systems for fighter and transport aircrafts. Test Bench Support Engineer is a key role in providing these test environments over the lifecycle of the Avionics, Flights Control and Hydraulic systems of the aircrafts. We work in a flexitime model, but for the smooth operation of the Test Benches, shift work is also necessary from time to time.
Disabled applicants with equal qualifications will be given special consideration.
Your location
Located about an hour's drive north of Munich, Manching is an up-and-coming market town that offers a wide range of leisure and cultural activities. Here, you can enjoy the quality of life in the countryside while the pleasures of near-by cities are still within easy reach.
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, subsidies for public transport, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten close to the site
Your tasks and responsibilities
Operation of Avionic Test Benches, Real-Time Test Systems and Simulation Environments
Support of testers in using the test environment
Failure investigation and removal to quickly recover the test setup and IT infrastructure
Maintaining the dedicated test environment documentation and processes
Independent and self-dependent development, implementation and integration of modifications
Desired skills and qualifications
You have successfully completed studies in Electrical Engineering / Computer Engineering or a Degree as Technician or a comparable training followed by several years of professional experience
You have knowledge in the area of IT or network technology, scripting and programming languages
You have experience with modern tools, like Jira Confluence or Software programming
Your way of working is independent, reliable, team-oriented while living the service idea of a Test Bench Support Engineer
You have a very good command of written and spoken German and English in order to communicate efficiently in our international and multicultural environment
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Manching, Deutschland