Jobs by email
Klarna GmbH
ICT Risk & Regulatory Manager
BERLIN
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About Klarna
Since 2005 Klarna has been on a mission to revolutionize the retail banking industry. With over 150 million global active users and 2 million transactions per day, Klarna is meeting the changing demands of consumers by saving them time and money while helping them be informed and in control. Over 450,000 global retail partners, including H&M, Saks, Sephora, Macys, IKEA, Expedia Group, and Nike have integrated Klarna's innovative technology to deliver a seamless shopping experience online and in-store. Klarna has over 6,000 employees and is active in 45 markets.
On our path to becoming the world’s favorite way to shop, we’re assembling an unparalleled global talent network, accelerating individual careers, and disrupting entire industries. We are on a mission to liberate humanity from all the meaningless time spent managing their purchases and finances, so they can do more of what they love. We’re in search of global talent eager to embrace our atmosphere and defy their own expectations.
Engineering at Klarna is an inspired, customer focused community, dedicated to crafting solutions that redefine our industry. Working in small, highly collaborative Agile teams, you and your team will have a clear mission and ownership of an important outcome that supports Klarna and our customers. At Klarna we optimise for quality, flow, fast feedback, focussing on end-to-end ownership, continuous improvement, testing, monitoring and experimentation. We aim for teams that are inclusive, helpful, and have a strong sense of ownership for the things they build.
 It’s our vision to build a fully quantified ICT & Security Risk management framework that is able to identify and predict ICT and security risks. As a member of the ICT & Security Risk Management team, you will analyse the scope and impact of risk-related topics such as breaches of confidentiality, system, and data integrity failures, system dependencies, and inappropriateness or unavailability of systems and data.
 To be successful in this role you are always sceptical of any model, and you use your in-depth, first-hand ICT knowledge to check abstract models against reality. You have a knack for breaking down abstract concepts into their core properties, and you are enthusiastic about communicating them in such a way that vague notions of ICT and security risks become clear and distinct. It’s also your passionate wish to improve quantitative risk models with objective measures of risks so that it can have a maximum business impact, e.g. by creating early warning systems.
What you'll do
Ensure that our risk methodology and controls comply with regulatory requirements and align with Operational Risk
Analyse whether parts that have been measured so far are meaningful from an ICT and regulatory perspective
Contribute to identifying ICT related risks related to our organisation
Define processes to identify, manage, monitor, and report ICT risks within our Risk Management framework
Perform ad-hoc and periodic risk assessments and define meaningful KPIs for ICT Risk management
Challenge existing methodologies while maintaining our high standards for compliance and governance requirements
To succeed in this role, we think you should have
At least 3 years experience in information technology, preferably in information security
A solid understanding of Risk management frameworks and experience with Risk management process improvements
Knowledge of regulatory requirements across multiple regions
Knowledge of security standards such as ISO, ISAE
Experience with Lean and Agile methodologies
Strong communication skills: you communicate clearly and can adapt your style to different target audiences
Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science or a related discipline, or an equivalent subject
Working proficiency in English
Our way of working
In your heart, you know there is a better way of doing things. Challenge the old dogmas of slow and tedious information security work with miles of documentation and do away with the tick-the-box philosophy of security.
You are also grounded and understand that security has to be explained, and that others need assurance that information is secure in the same way that we require assurance from our partners and service providers.
You love to try a new approach, think big, but you can also focus on details. Starting out small, and quickly try out your idea because you really want to see the results now, not in years.
You enjoy working with and in teams, and work together to achieve a common goal.
You are experienced enough to own and drive projects independently. You can interact with different competences and internal and external stakeholders in a professional way.
We also believe in making contributions back to the open source community.
What we offer:
Diversity & Community: With our diversity of skills, perspectives and backgrounds, we can create, innovate, and disrupt like no other. Diversity is part of who we are, and essential to our success.
Ownership & Impact: Here, every voice matters. We’re organized into hundreds of small teams, each run like a start-up, focused on their own problem-space.
Trust & Collaboration: Successes and failures are won together at Klarna in a melting pot of teams. Win, lose, and learn, we’re on this path together.
If you love what you do, you should love where you do it. We appreciate that everyone’s different and has their own preferences of where and how to work. We genuinely believe in the power of regular face-to-face interactions in building close connections with our teams, but we also strongly believe people can work effectively remotely. This means that combining both is the key to success.
At Klarna, You can choose between working from the office, remotely within your employment country, or even outside of it for up to 20 working days per year. Flex it up!
Challenges & Rewards: We take a very Swedish approach to benefits. Support for parents, health and wellness perks—we’ve got you covered.
It is our commitment that every qualified person will be evaluated according to skills regardless of age, gender, identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and age with the application.
How to apply: please send us your CV or Linkedin profile in English
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €