Jobs by email
Continental AG
Expert Technical Architecture eDRIVE365 (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
ContiTrade is the strategic retail arm of the Continental Tire business in Europe. It’s business purpose is to facilitate access to the respective markets & leverage Trade opportunities in Europe, the Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The scope of the ContiTrade business ranges from selling tires to complete fleet management via tires, tire services and vehicle services, through approximately 600 equity stores and 2,300 franchise and network partners. The business scope includes sales to end consumers, business and fleet customers, wholesale and as a service partner to Continental, as well as other major tire brands. This is done physically in branches and on the road, as well as through e-commerce platforms. 
Job Description
Within the scope of the eDRIVE365 project we develop a new ERP, CRM, and POS system for our EMEA trade organization based on Microsoft Dynamics 365. The system will be implemented in around 2,000 branches & our headquarters, making eDRIVE365 the largest project in ContiTrade’s history so far. Thanks to the Microsoft Dynamics 365 cloud solution and its combination of various system modules, we will be able to offer more efficient processes and individualized digital solutions to our customers. At the same time, we are laying the foundation for our future-oriented business models. 
As Expert Technical Architecture, you will maintain and optimize all active Dynamics 365 environments. This includes technical release management, performance optimizations and providing the underlying infrastructure.
Additionally, you will contribute to the area of Operations & Support by actively supporting in the hypercare phase after each go-live.
Your Tasks: 
Maintain all relevant Dynamics 365 environments for the different purposes (from DEV to PROD), incl. a proper (preferably automatic) environment setup/update/prep and usage of the MS Lifecycle Management portal (LCS)
Manage and provision the underlying infrastructure through infrastructure coding
Prepare and conduct data migration from legacy systems and cutovers for go-lives of future legal entities 
Perform the release process (merge, deploy, monitor)
Execute the technical release management, i.e. plan, communicate and deploy
Analyze and monitor the performance and conduct performance optimization of the eDRIVE solution
Take care holistically of relevant aspects of environment management (purpose, costs, users, regular code updates, regular MS updates, user management, security...)
Manage the Microsoft evergreen cloud update process (planning, steering and monitoring of regular updates)   
Execute User Management tasks  
Support in Hypercare phase after each go-live
Prepare the handover from project to Operations responsible in respective go-live preparation phases in the roll-out chain
Support the Test Management to facilitate successful tests of new features and updates
Ensure a successful collaboration towards Operations & Monitoring to secure a stable operation of the D365 solution
Qualifications
Academic degree in information technology, business informatics or a comparable qualification
Several years of working experience in IT and the development of ERP systems, especially in MS Dynamics 365 in combination with process knowledge
Experience in the development of solutions based on the MS power platform
Experience in (leading) project management, preferably in an international and complex project environment 
Specialized knowledge in design, build, release, and lifecycle tools from Microsoft
Deep technical knowledge of the Microsoft Dynamics 365 environment including application architecture, customizations, plug-ins and workflows
Programming knowledge and know-how in Microsoft Azure Cloud Services e.g. IaaS, SaaS as well as network technology, data security, integrations advantageous 
Experience in collaboration with external partners
Experience in large scale (ERP) projects
Very good communication skills in German and English (written and spoken), French language skills desirable 
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome. 
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers:
The opportunity to work with an international and diverse team in a future-oriented environment
Varied and challenging tasks in a fast-paced project atmosphere
A wide range of training and development opportunities
A modern and flexible work schedule including the possibility for mobile work
Well-equipped and modern office space in our project location in Hanover
Flat hierarchies, direct communication, and approachability
Find out more
  Network with our recruiter Torben Schilke
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße, Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -