Jobs by email
IGEL Technology GmbH
Quality Assurance Engineer (m/f/d)
Karlsruhe-Durlach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Work is now defined by what we do, not where we go. The widely distributed workforce is here to stay. 
IGEL allows workers to thrive, regardless of the environment, while organizations retain full management, control, and security of user endpoints. IGEL secures and simplifies digital workspaces in healthcare, finance, retail, higher education, government, and manufacturing organizations around the world. All we’re missing is: YOU. 
Ihre Aufgaben
In our Quality Assurance department, we ensure the high quality standards of our IGEL software and hardware products (applications and operating systems). Our Quality Assurance Engineers accompany the entire release process up to the release of the products and are responsible for the design and execution of test procedures, the documentation of the test procedures performed, the reporting of errors and the maintenance of test environments. Close cooperation with the development department is also essential. In order to expand further and to strengthen our market position, we are looking for support in Karlsruhe.
Ihr Profil
Training as an IT specialist with relevant professional experience, lateral career starts are also welcome
Very good knowledge of Linux and/or Microsoft Windows operating systems
Knowledge in the network area
Knowledge of virtualization technologies and terminal server products from Microsoft, Citrix and VMware would be an advantage
Wir bieten
A thorough induction into the company and our products
A workplace run on trust, empowerment, and feedback with a positive, inspiring working atmosphere
Competitive salary and great IT equipment
Individual further training opportunities for your career 
Flexible working times, so that you can combine your demanding work with your private goals and requirements.
Free beverages and fruits, diverse sports offerings, co-financed company pension plan and much more benefits
Light-flooded and ultra-modern new offices in Bremen, Augsburg and Karlsruhe
A highly motivated team that is already looking forward to your support and to developing strategies and achieving common goals together with you
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.