Jobs by email
Continental AG
Stream Lead Equity eDRIVE365 (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
ContiTrade is the strategic retail arm of the Continental Tire business in Europe. It’s business purpose is to facilitate access to the respective markets & leverage Trade opportunities in Europe, the Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The scope of the ContiTrade business ranges from selling tires to complete fleet management via tires, tire services and vehicle services, through approximately 600 equity stores and 2,300 franchise and network partners. The business scope includes sales to end consumers, business and fleet customers, wholesale and as a service partner to Continental, as well as other major tire brands. This is done physically in branches and on the road, as well as through e-commerce platforms. 
Job Description
You are interested in software & technology and like to drive things forward? You are structured and enjoy communicating and exchanging with various stakeholders? Then you've come to the right place.
As part of the eDRIVE365 project, we are developing a new ERP, CRM and POS system based on Microsoft Dynamics 365. The system will be implemented in around 2,000 branches and our headquarters, making eDRIVE365 the largest project in ContiTrade’s history so far. Thanks to the Microsoft Dynamics 365 cloud solution and its combination of various system modules, we will be able to offer more efficient processes and individualized, digital solutions to our customers. At the same time, we are laying the foundation for our future-oriented business models.
In your role as Stream Lead Equity, you are responsible for steering the introduction of eDRIVE365 in the EMEA region for the ContiTrade equity business – adhering to time, quality, and cost targets. You will be the main interface between the local organizations and the central eDRIVE365 project team from the initiation of the project until the transfer into operations for the sequence of country rollouts.
Your Tasks
Manage the introduction of eDRIVE365 for the ContiTrade equity business across the region EMEA (incl. PMO) and lead the local project team – adhering to time, quality, and cost targets
Act as main interface between local organizations and central project team
Manage stakeholders across all countries and hierarchy levels from the initiation of the project until the transfer into operations
Report on progress of the project and identify optimization potential
Identify and coordinate country requirements
Steer the operational rollout (go live preparation, hypercare phase, post-go-live)
Implement a network of key users and ambassadors
Operational execution of communication measures
Operational organization of training measures
Qualifications
Academic degree, e.g., in Business Informatics, Business Administration, Engineering, Business Psychology or equivalent education
Several years of professional experience in leading projects
Proven experience in functional team leadership
Organizational talent with the capability to manage complexity and to set priorities
Exceptional communication and stakeholder management skills
Very good presentation, moderation, and facilitation skills
Intercultural competence and experience in working with international and interdisciplinary teams across various countries
Experience in ERP processes and systems (e.g., MS Dynamics and SAP) is a plus
Business fluent in German and English language skills
Willingness to travel internationally (20-40%)
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome. 
Additional Information
The opportunity to work with an international and diverse team in a future-oriented environment
The chance to build a state-of-the-art software product that will also be sold to external customers
Varied and challenging tasks in a fast-paced project atmosphere
A wide range of training and development opportunities
A modern and flexible work schedule including the possibility of mobile work
Well-equipped and modern office space in our project location in Hanover
Flat hierarchies, direct communication, and approachability
Would you like to learn more about our additional benefits? Please click here. 
Network with our recruiter Torben Schilke
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße 25, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -