Jobs by email
Continental AG
Project Manager Automotive Purchasing (m/f/diverse)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
Supporting IT projects within the specified time, budget and quality framework to the satisfaction of Automotive Purchasing
Defining scope and establish an adequate project organization
Informing and involving internal and external stakeholders on a regular basis and in an appropriate manner
Ensuring integration and compliance to existing processes
Tracking the project progress and define corrective measures if deviating from the plan
Managing internal and external implementation partners
Ensuring that all project objectives are met in the required quality / time / cost
Planning and executing global rollout in Automotive Purchasing
Qualifications
Academic degree in business administration, business informatics, information technology or comparable qualification
Several years of professional experience in different automotive functions e.g., purchasing, finance, quality, supplier quality and supplier relationship management
Several years of experience as project expert with experience in managing cross-functional and international teams 
Good IT knowledge (e.g. ERP, BW, Master Data Management, Portal Solutions, Cloud) and capability to understand technical aspects to the required extent to steer the project
Business fluent German and English language skills (written and spoken)
Open-mindedness, communication skills and experience in working with international teams
Independent, structured and analytical way of working
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
You are looking for an individual working time model? We support part-time work.
 Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits.
https://www.continental.com/en/career/working-at-continental/what-we-offer/
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Siemensstraße, 93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -