Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Agile Coach for Audio (all genders)- Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V706
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
As Agile Coach at MBition you will facilitate, improve and coordinate the work of our Audio Domain.
You will coach 2 in-house development teams and facilitate interaction with agile supplier teams. It is your task to moderate discussions and actively promote agile working methods within the Audio domain. Doing so, you will help the teams to continuously improve workflows and achieve sprint goals smoothly. Furthermore, you will be also part of a larger project team that embraces the mindset of agile development and takes responsibility for our products and services. 
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education
Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Communication Technology, Psychology or a comparable qualification
Experience
Hands-on expertise as Agile Coach, e.g. SCRUM Master
Passion for agile frameworks / agile tools/ Scrum templates
Proven track record in establishing and scaling agile methodologies in tech teams and larger organizations
Nice to have
Certified Scrum Master
Knowledge with planning in Atlassian JIRA
Good understanding of DevOps
First experience gathered in the automotive industry
Personal skills
Team-player having very good communication skills
Self-organized and highly collaborative
Open and outgoing personality
Flexible and can-do attitude
Language skills
Proficient in English, German is a plus!
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and work places offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements. 
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.