Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Product Owner Salesforce Implementation Services (m/f/div.)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Service Solutions GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Berlin
Your tasks
As Product Owner for Salesforce in Bosch Service Solutions your main objective will be to further our business through Salesforce solutions offered to Bosch-internal and third-party clients. In order to do that you will work to define the strategy of the Salesforce offering and lead the team that brings that strategy to life.
 Develop strategic product and service portfolio together with the team
Promote the existing quality assurance framework for Salesforce implementation
Collaborate with Sales areas to acquire new customers and prospect new projects together with a Salesforce Solution Architecture team. 
Lead recruitment and selection efforts and coordinate on-boarding with HR, IT and related project stakeholders.
Supervise quality controlling program to evaluate possible team and/or application performance bottlenecks at the early stages & recommend remedial measures.
Guide the Team Leads to develop an international team of Developers, Administrators, QA Engineers and Solution Architects
Manage senior resources including objective setting, performance appraisal, salary administration, training, team satisfaction levels and career path planning.
Your profile
Several years of experience in IT service management, product management, software engineering and/or solutions development
5 years experience in Salesforce consulting
English speaker, German a plus
Proven track-record as a trusted teamlead
Experience in team building, development and hiring
Knowledge of at least Sales Cloud, Service Cloud as well as Experience Cloud
Proven consulting capabilities to transform IT requirements into actionable measures
Service specific technical knowledge, communication, coordination and organizational skills
Exceptional analytical capabilities, communication skills and intercultural competence
Knowledge of key platform technologies (Apex, Visualforce, Aura and LWC / Web components, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS)
Solid understanding of software architecture
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Bismarckstraße 71, 10627 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.