Jobs by email
Airbus Group
FCAS2021: Windows Server & Virtualisation Engineer (d/m/f)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a
FCAS2021: Windows Server & Virtualisation Engineer (d/f/m)
Shaping the future European Air Power FCAS (Future Combat Air System) has the potential to become a future key pillar to secure the sovereignty of Europe, strategically, technologically, and industrially!
With Spain joining the Franco-German cooperation, the program took an important step towards its Europeanization.
As FCAS is much more than “just” a new Fighter, but an integrated & combined system-of-system including existing and future platforms and tools, the program will integrate a wide range of the Airbus DS portfolio and competencies.
You will part of an agile team called ECPS (End Customer Support Service) inside
IM, delivering the expertise, technology and equipment for several restricted IT
development environments. 
Your location
Located about an hour's drive north of Munich, Manching is an up-and-coming market town that offers a wide range of leisure and cultural activities. Here, you can enjoy the quality of life in the countryside while the pleasures of near-by cities are still within easy reach.
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten close to the site   
Your tasks and responsibilities
Monitoring technology and technological trends to consider these within the IT Environment
Take care of all issues and measures related to IT security and ITGA
Schedule and execute upcoming new service requests and technology improvements
Perform the ITIL based processes that include for example Change, Problem, Risk and Service management
Advising of Business stakeholders to identify new Business requirements.
Desired skills and qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer science studies or comparable technical education
Knowledge within Server and Network technologies Operation Systems (Windows Server, Windows 10, Linux, VMware, Nutanix, CITRIX, XEN, Storage, Network)
Operation Systems (Windows Server, Windows 10, Linux, VMware, Nutanix, CITRIX, XEN, Storage, Network)
Excellent team- and communication capabilities
Negotiative german skills and advanced english skills necessary 
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Manching, Deutschland