Jobs by email
IGEL Technology GmbH
Technical Relationship Manager (m/f/d)
Home Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Work is now defined by what we do, not where we go. The widely distributed workforce is here to stay. 
IGEL allows workers to thrive, regardless of the environment, while organizations retain full management, control, and security of user endpoints. IGEL secures and simplifies digital workspaces in healthcare, finance, retail, higher education, government, and manufacturing organizations around the world. All we’re missing is: YOU.
Ihre Aufgaben
Develop a strong, positive strategic relationship with the customer
Provide knowledge transfer of IGEL products and functionality
Assist with the escalation of support incidents through resolution
Assist in the escalation of support queries to the relevant  channels
Ratify customer projects and provide guidance around further projects / upgrades
Develop and align a comprehensive account plan with the customer, documenting
customer environment, expectations, priorities and technology deployment
roadmap
Develop a good understanding of the customer environment and use this knowledge
to proactively drive improvements and efficiencies within Customer environment.
Advise the customer on technical best-practices as their IGEL trusted adviser
Use your in-depth knowledge of the customer environment to uncover additional
IGEL product sales opportunities
Ihr Profil
Minimum 5 years of experience directly supporting enterprise-level customers in a  TRM capacity
5+ years relevant engineering, consulting, or system integration experience with one
or more vendors or Value Added Resellers (VARs) in the IT industry
Experience with application and desktop virtualization platforms (VMware Horizon,
Citrix Virtual Apps and Desktops, Microsoft Remote Desktop Services
Familiarity with a scripting language a plus (PowerShell, bash, python)
Familiarity with common database platforms and concepts a plus (Oracle, MSSQL,
MySQL)
Good interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to work independently, under pressure and multi task
Be willing to pitch in and be part of the team in all aspects of company life
Wir bieten
A thorough induction into the company and our products
A workplace run on trust, empowerment, and feedback with a positive, inspiring working atmosphere
Competitive salary and great IT equipment
Individual further training opportunities for your career
Flexible working times, so that you can combine your demanding work with your private goals and requirements.
Free beverages and fruits, diverse sports offerings, co-financed company pension plan and much more benefits
Light-flooded and ultra-modern new offices in Bremen and Augsburg
A highly motivated team that is already looking forward to your support and to developing strategies and achieving common goals together with you 
… and much more! 
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.