Jobs by email
ZEISS
Machine Learning Operation Engineer (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
In this role, you will support us to ensure robust, stable, trustworthy, and reliable Machine Learning (ML) solutions. You will address the challenges of detecting data and concept drifts in our models and mitigate them. You will be responsible for monitoring and maintaining the infrastructure and software to enable ML models. You will work together with our Data Engineering, Data Science, and ML Engineering teams. In your work, you will apply your deep end-to-end understanding of applications including ML. Together with the team, you will implement best practices to improve the existing ML infrastructure focusing on scalability and stability.
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree (Ph.D. is a plus) in natural science, mathematics, computer science, engineering, or similar
At least 2+ years of professional experience in a DevOps, ML engineering, or Data Science role (MLOps, DevOps)
Experience in building up machine learning monitoring infrastructure including model and infrastructure monitoring
Good understanding of data science algorithms
First experience or strong interest in data drift & concept drift detection and algorithmic stability monitoring
Proven experience with at least one automation solution (e.g. Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform)
Knowledge of scripting (e.g. Bash, Powershell, Python)
REST APIs and state-of-the-art cloud technologies
Experience with virtualization technologies, Linux Container and/or K8s, and Open Source are a plus 
Strong communication skills
Fluent English and advanced German language skills
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.