Jobs by email
GOhiring GmbH
Data Engineer (f/m/d)
bundesweit (Home-Office)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Data Engineer (f/m/d)
GOhiring is the leading software company for automated job posting and recruiting analytics. With our tool, recruiters can manage the entire job posting process in one place – from data-driven multiposting campaigns to in-depth analysis along the candidate journey. We help recruiters make the most out of their online job postings.
Your role
Automating ETL processes, reports, backups, data transformations, and data checks using Apache Airflow
Integrating new data sources from client DBs, internal tools, spreadsheets, etc.
Data modelling using Data Vault in DWH, and Dimensional Modelling in PowerBI/Data Marts
Development of dashboards, using Power BI, that visualise and analyse data from HR processes
Developing and maintaining the infrastructure as well as ensuring data quality
Creation of ad-hoc reports from our data warehouse as well as business analyses and visualisations of business processes
Grow with your role
Your profile
BSc or MSc in a similar technical field of studies
2+ years of professional experience in a similar role
Profound experience with Airflow, SQL, RDBMS, Python, as well as BI tools like PowerBI or Tableau
Experience with Postgres Databases, AWS, PowerBI, Github, as well as Linux shell is a plus
You are curious about the data world and are not afraid to ask questions and like to research to find solutions to arising challenges
The quality of your work is important to you
Interest in growing and learning with a team long-term
Fluent in English
We offer
More than a job - discovering the future: You'll work at the heart of digitalization in recruiting and perhaps discover the job of a lifetime.
Remote culture: Work from where you are most productive - be it at home, while travelling or in our office in Berlin.
Flexibility: Look forward to processes and mindsets that are 100% geared towards time-flexible and location-independent work.
Making a big difference in a small team: We believe that small teams are more fun. Direct collaboration, lots of creative freedom, learning from each other - that's our understanding of productivity.
Want to work together on the future of recruiting?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €