Jobs by email
ZEISS
Project Lead Data Enablement (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 12 hours ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will be a core member of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Data Enablement team and drive the planning and implementation of a formalised data governance for data domains dealing with device data and (non-medical) digital solutions
Support to shape the MED data enablement: incl. identification of data priorities to enable our data ecosystem; development of concept and to document them, etc.
Project lead and coordination: multiple projects on data priorities incl. KPIs, alignment with business stakeholders, documentation, etc.
Build domain expertise in data structuring and management: definition of data taxonomie, data models, building-up about data management process
Leadership / management competencies: acting as a bridge between business & IT functions in the data priorities, independent lead of physically spread project teams (lateral leadership), etc.
Promotion of data governance within the ZEISS group
Ihr Profil
Degree in computer science, business, engineering or related discipline
Multiple years working experience in an international and matrix organisation, ideally in management of large transformation projects
Hands on skills in working with different data domains around customer interaction and data management, ideally in healthcare industry
Strong (process) analytical and problem-solving skills, combined with communication skills & capability to build personal networks
Ability to collaborate productively with a wide range of stakeholders and coordinate spread teams
PMP certification or similar (Agile)
Business fluent English
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Steffen Volk
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.