Jobs by email
Kaiser X Labs GmbH
Senior Frontend Engineer (M/F/D)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 22 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
WE ARE THE STRATEGIC EXPERIENCE DESIGN COMPANY OF ALLIANZ.
We resolve complexity to transform the ordinary in progressive ways. We are experts at making complex products simple and digitally accessible, delivering validated user experiences in the business of trust. Our strength is built on shared values that inspire and we are always looking for creative and passionate people who are interested in joining a great team.
Your Role & Responsibilities...
INCLUDE INNOVATION, USER EXPERIENCE & SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT.
With us you will work on the sustainable, customer-centered digitalization of Allianz and its strategic partners, and the external clients of Kaiser X Labs. You will strengthen and support our teams in Munich and develop modern Customer-Self-Services in an agile, interdisciplinary team
Your experience is what we are looking for:
Excellent knowledge of Angular (or another State-of-the-Art Frontend-Framework)
Excellent knowledge of  HTML5, CSS3, and CSS preprocessors
Good knowledge in service/backend development with either node.js or Java and their corresponding ecosystems
Good knowledge in software testing
A good understanding of versioning tools such as Git and Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) tools such as Jenkins or similar
Sense for design
Fluency in German and full professional proficiency in English
IT’S ALSO NICE TO HAVE:
Experience in design tools like Sketch or Figma
Experience in SCRUM or other agile frameworks
Knowledge of build-automatisation and cloud-infrastructures
What we offer is awesome!
At Kaiser X Labs we believe that a healthy work-life balance benefits everyone and that great teams need diverse talents. As a company of Allianz we are able to offer you competitive compensation and benefits in line with your experience. And we provide you the chance to work in an open and interdisciplinary space where diverse perspectives come together to shape the future of insurance.
Contact information!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Kaiser X Labs GmbH
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.