Jobs by email
ZEISS
(Senior) Test Automation Engineer for medical devices (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 12 hours ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Define, Implement and release of test cases, derivated from baselined requirements
Analysis over the complete requirements to recognize potential for optimization and clustering, deriving functional test groups for better functional coverage
Judge and decide when to apply different types of testing: functional, regression, performance, load, stress and integration (black, gray and white box testing)
Analysis over the DUT’s SW Architecture to derive effective and meaningful integration and interface tests
Close interaction and collaboration with Config and Test Management, ensuring excecution of daily/nightly builds including testing
Usage and extension of internal Zeiss test framework, majorly written in Phyton
Maintain and extend existing test cases, considering reuse and modularization as guideline
Ihr Profil
University degree in computer science/ informatics, or a comparable qualification
Solid experience in test automation specially in a commercial environment, ISTQB certification as well as regulated environment experience desirable
Minimum 5 years in similar/same position
Extensive experience with Python, C++; familiar with Gherkin (Cucumber or similar), AzureDevOps, Git, CI/CD Tools (Teamcity, Jenkins) and ALM Tools (Polarion, DOORS)
Prior experience in control buses (e.g. CAN/ Ethernet) as well as GUI Testing (Squish, Selenium)
Prior experience in development for complex systems, consisting of hardware and software break down in subsystems/components. Medical and/or Inustrial experience would be highly advantageous
Proficiency in English and preferably fluency in German (B1) or the willingness to learn German
Strong quality awareness, great communication and analytic skills, ability to work in international teams
Good understanding of agile principles and development process, preferable knowledge of test-driven development
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.