Jobs by email
Lufthansa Technik AG
Project Manager MRO Capability (m/f/divers)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Lufthansa Technik is the world's leading provider of maintenance, repair and overhaul services and modifications in the aviation industry. With more than 20,000 employees and over 30 international subsidiaries, the Lufthansa Technik Group offers a full range of aircraft technology services to around 800 customers around the world. What makes us so successful? We do. The people at the Lufthansa Technik Group. Whether engineering, IT or logistics, first-year apprentice or highly specialized professional - we not only keep aviation in motion. We are working on its future every day. We are innovators, technoholics and those who think aviation forward. Our pioneering spirit discovers the next horizon even in the smallest detail. We are Aviationeers. What about you?
Tasks
Being the worldwide market leader in the MRO industry requires to offer the right capabilities in the right place. We drive improvements and shape the future of the aviation industry. And we do that with enthusiasm! We are designers and thinkers. We are Aviationeers. What about you?
As a Manager MRO Capability & Portfolio you will be responsible for:
Monitor and align the global MRO capability portfolio with strategy, sales and customer service; Derive potential for improvement and initiate measures
Develop MRO project roadmap & pipeline in the global MRO network and promote implementation with the production sites
Accompany particularly critical capability build-up or exit projects closely and ensure success
Be responsible for the capability management process; Internationally harmonize and improve methods and communication structures and drive process digitization
Prepare process / project documentation, carry out briefings and training
Requirements
Completed technical / business studies, preferably in industrial engineering
Alternatively a business degree with good technical understanding
Professional experience in project or lean management, process development and workshop implementation
Experience in project management desirable
Knowledge in the technical field (e.g. MRO of aircraft components or engines) desirable
Business fluent English skills
Willingness to travel on business domestically and abroad
Benefits
13. Salary / holiday allowance
Old-age provision / employee retirement
Profit sharing / LVV (bonus)
Free parking
Lufthansa shares
Flight privileges
Canteen (subsidized by employer)
Jobticket
Support for relocation
Discounts / shopping
Employee events (summer festivals, participation in sports competitions etc)
Hybrid working possible
Flexible working hours
Doctor‘s office
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Lufthansa Technik AG
Weg beim Jäger 193, 22335 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -