Jobs by email
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA - Corporate Center
Data Science Graduate Program
Gütersloh, Köln, München, Berlin, Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
Bertelsmann is a media, services and education company that operates in about 50 countries around the world. It includes the entertainment group RTL Group, the trade book publisher Penguin Random House, the music company BMG, the service provider Arvato, the Bertelsmann Printing Group, the Bertelsmann Education Group and Bertelsmann Investments, an international network of funds. The company has 145,000 employees and generated revenues of €18.7 billion in the 2021 financial year. Bertelsmann stands for creativity and entrepreneurship. This combination promotes first-class media content and innovative service solutions that inspire customers around the world. Bertelsmann aspires to achieve climate neutrality by 2030.
Tasks
The Bertelsmann Future Leaders Graduate Program enables you to take on responsibility in your career. As a data science trainee, you will enjoy infinite Big Data opportunities within an 18-month rotational program. If you have a curious mind, a knack for problem-solving and profound knowledge of machine learning methods, join our graduate program to kickstart your career.
As a Data Science Trainee you will
For 18 months, work with international teams throughout Bertelsmann divisions worldwide
Crack complex data challenges arising in our media, services and education businesses
Add your knowledge and experience by designing new data products
Learn from renowned data scientists and explore new use cases for Machine Learning and AI
Leverage new data sources and integrate traditional structured data with raw data
Profile
What you'll need to bring:
Master's or doctoral degree in data science, computer science, statistics, engineering, applied mathematics, physics or a similar subject
Experience working with data science and machine learning methods (via internships, research projects etc.)
Solid coding skills in Python and/ or R, SAS, Scala, Spark, C/C++ and/ or Java are a plus
Knowledge of database concepts and design as well as related tools such as SQL, NoSQL and Hive
Problem-solving mindset with strong relationship-building, collaborative and communication skills
We offer
Your Benefits
International work experience
Building an international network
Individual career coaching
Targeted training
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.