Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Program Manager Operational Excellence and Agile Transformation (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002BRE_EN
Tasks
At Mercedes-Benz, we invented the car and now, we strive for nothing less than taking the lead in car software.
Our operating system MBOS (Mercedes-Benz Operation Systems) will be developed in house. It is a holistic, software-focused approach from the hardware over embedded software; the intelligent could up to the IoT. This will allow greater speed, more frequent updates and upgrades, mastering the increasing complexity and will be designed around scalable architectures.
MBOS consists of different crucial pillars like ADAS domain with its powerful high computing platform and intelligent sensors, the infotainment domain with its Mercedes-Benz User Experience shown on the hyper screen or the our electric cars like the Mercedes EQS that drive up to 857kms on a single charge. All run by Software.
With an international team, we want to integrate people who appreciate quality, creativity and teamwork just as much as we do. Together we create the world’s best cars with passionate technology on exciting topics like automated and autonomous driving, infotainment systems or mobile APPs. We need you to shape the future of Mercedes-Benz!
Our team is reporting directly to our Chief Software Officer for Mercedes Benz, Magnus Östberg.
These challenges await you:
In your new role, you will be responsible for the deployment of SAFe as part of the operational excellence deployment within MBOS
You will be collaborating on the design of the transformation, and coaching and mentoring within MBOS to ensure the effective rollout
You are responsible for the Program Management of those who are participating in the Phase deployment model
You are responsible for Supporting the Playbook maturity assessment and gap closure
As a part of a small team of experts you will collaborate to deliver operational excellence in MBOS
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
Business Degree preferred - course of study: industrial engineering/-, business psychology, business administration, innovation or project management, engineering courses such as computer science/software development or similar
Several years of professional experience and a good overview within the group
Experience in change management, transformation as well as lean and agile methods and frameworks an advantage
Certification in Program Management and SAFe
Good handling of MS Office, especially MS Power Point, Outlook, Teams and Excel, handling of BI tools
Very good knowledge of spoken and written German and English
Experience in:
SAFe transformation.
Scaled Agile Initiation
Lean Tools and Method
Software experience
Nice to have:
Familiarity with ASPICE
Personal skills:
Confident demeanor, analytical and strategic thinking
Quick familiarization with complex topics
Interest in future technologies
A high degree of initiative and willingness to perform
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skill
What we offer:
Be part of a Global Operational Excellence Team across the MBOS business
Flexible working hours
Contribute to the development and improvement of the Operational Excellence 5 Phase Model for Lean Agile
Own and steer the rollout and further development of best-in-class methods, to create change within RD-CSO and the matrix organization MB.OS
Represent the Operational Excellence approach as main agile expert and offer coaching and support on the application of methods, tools and standards - Pay special attention to the OpE Leaders (multiplier) organization
Redesigning processes, methods and tools (e.g. Safe ways of working)
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.