Jobs by email
AMORELIE
Senior Data Engineer - Group Wide - (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
About us
AMORELIE is all about playful, uncomplicated and natural ways to deal with sex. We encourage people to have happy, fulfilled and sensual relationship - with themselves or others. Our mission helped us change the whole industry. AMORELIE offers classy toys and lingerie as well as a variety of love essentials. Here you will find ambitious ideas, a unique and horizontally-organized company culture and an easy-going team with incredible energy and willpower to accomplish our mission. We are a successful and profitable company in Berlin, and we aim to define our future relationships.
Oh, and by the way: Our colleagues are pretty damn cool, too.
Team Mission
As Senior Data Engineer - Group Wide - (all genders), you are working for the EQOM Group, of which AMORELIE is one subsidiary company. The EQOM Group's mission is to become the unbeatable market leader in the sexual wellness industry, by bringing together the strongest companies within Europe and connecting the best partners across the globe.
We put data at the centre of our organization. We provide high-quality data, information and knowledge, empowering relevant decision-making across the organization in close collaboration with our partners. The Data Team plays a central role in our strategy, designing, and development of our infrastructure, processes, and analytics capabilities.
We are looking forward to you !
Position Details
Unlimited contract 
Full-time or part-time min. 32h/week
Home office/ remote work possible, but first place of residency must be in Germany or NL
Office location: Germany / Netherlands and/or Remote work possible
Willingness to travel within Europe once a quarter
We support you with your VISA/work permit application if needed
Job To Do's
With your knowledge of software engineering, databases and cloud, you work on the backbone of our data infrastructure
You help to grow our analytics capabilities by building and maintaining faster such as more reliable ELT pipelines, by using better tools
For that purpose, you develop and maintain the required infrastructure to store, transform and process data at scale and in the cloud
You make sure that our data is stored safely and securely by using the technology that you see fit for the job
You are a driver for process optimisations as we rely on your expertise! So it is a big opportunity to really have an impact!
Skills
You have at least 5 years of experience in data engineering, software engineering or another relevant field
You are an engineer with a pragmatic attitude, but you understand the responsibility that comes with taking systems into production
You understand cloud, provisioning and automation
You know how to build robust systems
You love to learn, are a critical thinker and creative problem solver who strives for excellence
Our team is self-driven, so we expect you to be proactive, self-directed and organized
At the EQOM group, we have a lot of dashboards and reports in production, which are all powered by our data warehouse, so we expect you to have a solid background in databases and data modelling
You preferably have experience with Snowflake, dbt, Fivetran, Airflow, Spark, or other relevant tools
Our software is built using the standard automation tooling, so a solid knowledge of GIT, command line and CI/CD is mandatory as well
AMORELIE Benefits
You can expect an international team and have the possibility to participate actively in shaping the company in order to celebrate success together
Flat hierarchies and a transparent communication culture
We are committed to an open and tolerant working environment: Come as you are, as we love your quirks!
Flexible working hours and home office
Personal development of your skills through our Development Cycles
A dog-friendly and open-plan office
Free drinks, fresh fruit and an always full fridge with tasty snacks
Regular events in line with the Covid-19 guidelines
A discounted membership in the Urban Sports Club
... and of course, there will also be toys ;)
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
AMORELIE
Wattstr. 11-13, 13355 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -