Jobs by email
BAUHAUS
Technical Lead Marketplace (m/f/d)
Mannheim
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
The Digital Commerce division is committed to digitalization as a means of creating a networked BAUHAUS of the future. Our focus is always on the customer and we aim to create the perfect digital shopping experience. An agile working environment, innovative solutions and committed employees drive the business - and the best indication of this is the company's success: With over 270 specialist centers in 19 countries and one of the top 50 online stores in Germany, BAUHAUS is one of the most successful players in Europe. And we look forward to being even better with your help!
Aufgaben
Your role:
As Technical Lead Marketplace (m/f/d) in our Product Team Marketplace you are responsible for the technical management of your team in close cooperation with the Product Owner (m/f/d) to ensure flawless technical implementations
Collaborating with other Tech Leads (m/f/d) to refine our tech vision and develop the architecture roadmap
Supporting the team as mentor through mutual learning (e.g. code reviews and pair programming) while being an active developer
Agile development of various products in a continuous integration and deployment process (CI/CD)
Build scalable, highly available, robust systems and ensure their continuous delivery
Act as the technical liaison between business teams, the product team and stakeholders
Introduction of innovative solution approaches and tech trends to further improve the development
Profil
Your profile:
Successfully completed studies in computer science or business informatics or a comparable training e.g. as IT Specialist (m/f/d) with several years of professional work experience
At least two years of relevant work experience as Tech Lead (m/f/d) or Lead Engineer (m/f/d) with Java
Knowledge of DevOps (CI/CD), TDD, API design as well as cloud infrastructure (GCP)
High focus on code quality, performance, maintainability and expandability
Empathic team player with strong people and communication skills, as well as the ability to persuade and take responsibility
Very good knowledge of English and ideally good knowledge of German
Unser Angebot
Our offer:
A challenging role in a family owned business with an agile working environment, state-of-the-art technologies as well as personal and professional development opportunities
Permanent employment contract and attractive remuneration
A good work-life balance, the possibility of working remotely and 30 days paid vacation
Attractive location in the heart of the Rhine-Neckar metropolitan region with free parking and a company restaurant
Unique pension plan with attractive employer contributions
Further additional benefits including asset accumulation benefits or special conditions for occupational disability insurance
A day care center in close proximity to the company with family-friendly care services
Shopping discounts through the BAUHAUS employee card
Welcome to #TeamBAUHAUS.
Click here for your online application!
BAUHAUS is looking forward to receiving your application.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BAUHAUS
68167 Mannheim, Deutschland
Certificates