Jobs by email
PayPal Deutschland GmbH
Sr. Operations Manager, RevOps
Dreilinden-Berlin, Brandenburg, Germany
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
Introduction:
Who We Are:
PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution for more than 20 years. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, the PayPal platform is empowering more than 400 million consumers and merchants in more than 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy. For more information, visit paypal.com.
At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives.
Job Description Summary:
This newly established Program Management Office / Chief of Staff role will support the Head of Revenue Operations (RevOps) supporting the Servicing segment that includes Enterprise & Partner Integrations, Global Merchant Support and Customer Success. This is a high-performing individual contributor role. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have the required qualifications and an ambition to cover (when needed) and potentially move into a management position within the RevOps team.
Key Responsibilities
Program Management responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Driving key cross-sales-segment initiatives originating from PayPal’s executive leadership team or the S/VP of the supported servicing segment(s)
Ensuring cross-sales-segment operating rhythm and content consistency (e.g., Forecast and Pipeline Reviews, Monthly Ops Reviews, etc.)
Coordination of the Annual Planning process including cross-functional stakeholder engagement and alignment, publishing timelines and due dates, and ensuring key deliverables are completed on time
Lead Quality Management principles adoption and governance within RevOps team
Chief of Staff responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Collaboration with the Head of RevOps to determine and prioritize operational strategies and programs
Manage and publish the overall RevOps operating calendar working with the segment RevOps leads
Assist with planning and preparation for key RevOps leadership and team meetings and events (e.g., quarterly team meetings, staff meeting agendas and guest speakers, team fun and volunteering events, etc.)
Build and monitor team KPIs to ensure optimal utilization and performance
Provide coverage for segment RevOps leaders within our RevOps team for short durations when needed (PTO/LOA/Sabbatical), including leading prioritization of team activities, team meetings, and handling escalations
Job Requirements
min. 5+ years of related experience; Sales Ops, Rev Ops, or Consulting
Large consulting firm, Tech, or FinTech experience preferred
Demonstrated strong program management and analytical modeling experience
Superb communication and presentation skills
Proven experience in facilitating metrics-driven Monthly Ops reviews at a C- or VP-level
Collaborative mindset and ability to develop deep cross-functional partnerships
Strategic thinker with vision and the ability to execute on priorities
Ability to effectively work under pressure and to meet challenging targets
Working knowledge of TQM and Lean Six Sigma principles; certifications or formal training preferred
Our Benefits:
At PayPal, we’re committed to building an equitable and inclusive global economy. And we can’t do this without our most important asset—you. That’s why we offer benefits to help you thrive in every stage of life. We champion your financial, physical, and mental health by offering valuable benefits and resources to help you care for the whole you.
We have great benefits including a flexible work environment, employee shares options, health and life insurance and more.
PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
As part of PayPal’s commitment to employees’ health and safety, we have established in-office Covid-19 protocols and requirements, based on expert guidance. Depending on location, this might include a Covid-19 vaccination requirement for any employee whose role requires them to work onsite. Employees may request reasonable accommodation based on a medical condition or religious belief that prevents them from being vaccinated.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €