Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior) Test Engineer for Hybrid Cloud Platform(all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V713
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
At Hybrid Cloud Platform domain embedded systems meets cloud. We build seamless user experience bringing these two worlds together.
We are looking for software test engineers who have experience with the whole process of writing automation code, testing and ensuring high quality production software. You will not only ensure stability of our software systems, you will be shaping how testing framework will exceute, how different components should be tested and finally how our testing strategy will look like. As a (Senior) Test Engineer your responsibilities will be as follows: 
Responsibilities:
Write automated Basic and Extended Feature Tests
Work closely with Scrum Team to verify newly developed features
Support scrum team by maintaining test environment (e.g., Test bench)
Reproduce defects, collect logs and report software stability 
Verify fixes defects and update ticketing system
Work with Domain Test Lead to define key metrics around testing activity
Automate recurring test execution
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education:
Degree in computer science, information technology, system engineering, communication technology, or a comparable qualification
Experience:
Expereince of end to end complex use case testing 
Experience with defining test cases and automated test execution
Experience with testing methodologies, e.g. Unit testing, TDD, Component testing
Basic understanding about distributed systems and backend technlogy
Few years of Experience working with Agile teams (e.g. Scrum, Kanban)
Nice to have:
Experience JIRA XRay Test Management tool
Experience with in-vehicle infotainment systems
Experience of handling different infotainment Hardware
Familiarity with ASPICE
Personal Skills:
Systematic problem-solving approach
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Personal initiative, commitment, and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
Passion of doing software automation 
Language Skills:
Proficiency in English; German proficiency is a plus
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone. 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!     
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. 
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.