Jobs by email
Amadeus Data Processing GmbH
DevOps Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
Einleitung
  You probably think that working for an online travel agency that manages hundreds of millions of bookings per year or working for an airline that operates hundreds of thousands of flights per year must bring their fair chair of challenge. If so, just try to realize the scalability, the performance, the resiliency, the geographical distribution challenges that are behind the system that powers 150 airlines, hundreds of websites, tens of airports, thousands of hotel properties. Just one fact to illustrate: In peak times, we process more than 17,000 transactions per second (1 billion+ transactions per day) at an average system response time of less than 0.3 seconds.
  Do you have ideas on how to improve travel for everyone?  Do you find the idea of working in a diverse, multicultural environment exciting?
Are you ready to make an impact across the world? Great, then join us! Let’s shape the future of travel together. #shapethefutureoftravel@Amadeus
  We are searching for a decisive and insightful Cloud DevOps engineer to help us build functional systems that improve the customer experience. The Cloud DevOps engineer will be responsible for the development and operational aspects of cloud infrastructure. The ideal candidate will have an engineering background, be familiar with automation tools, and will work with developers to ensure that applications are delivered, deployed, and operated in the most efficient and secure manner in a cloud environment.  
Major Responsibilities
   Collaborating with coworkers to conceptualize, develop, and release software.
Conducting quality assurance to ensure that the software meets prescribed guidelines.
Ensure security compliance.
Suggesting alterations to workflow in order to improve efficiency and success.
Participate in the building and tweaking of tools and processes to support the infrastructure and improve operations.     
Your Profile
  Qualification
University degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience.
  Skills / Know-How
Ability and experience to use and adapt a wide variety of open-source technologies
Solid understanding of cloud technology / IaaS / PaaS / SaaS
Good understanding of Linux Containers and Kubernetes
Strong grasp of DevOps tools – Ansible, Git, Jenkins, Helm
Good knowledge of Bash and Python scripting languages
Troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Ability to respond to changes in an agile manner 
Team player - communication is king
Previous experience working in the Software Engineering discipline 
Wir bieten
Join an innovative company which undertakes an amazing journey to the #cloud
Experience in an environment with unique complexity and a hardly matched criticality among the leading tech companies
Professional development in a truly international and multisite environment with a great mix of people
A wide set of trainings available to broaden your knowledge and enhance your soft skills incl. on-line learning hubs packed of technical and soft skills to help to develop any competencies
Enter a diverse and inclusive workplace
Competitive remuneration and a number of additional benefits such as internet and commuting allowance, job bike, subsidized canteen, insurances, hybrid working model incl. up to 20 days of work from abroad, etc. 
  Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Amadeus Data Processing GmbH
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.