Jobs by email
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
Working student in Defensive Cyber Security starting May 2023
Stuttgart
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002EJ0
Tasks
Mercedes-Benz Mobility (MBM) at a Glance
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG offers a comprehensive range of financial services for motor vehicles and innovative mobility
solutions. The product portfolio ranges from leasing and financing offers to financial services for dealers, commercial fleet
management, procurement of automotive insurance solutions and new innovative mobility services. Providing a secure
and trustworthy customer journey is one of our most important objectives at Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG.
Mercedes-Benz Mobility lives diversity and inclusion
Diversity and inclusion are not only a concern of ours, we actively shape them. Employees from 100 different nations
enrich our culture. Through numerous initiatives, we promote intercultural understanding, respect for one another,
openness and willingness to change within the company, as well as non-profit organizations that are committed to this.
We are seeking a working student within our Global MBM Defense Security Operations Team
Our Global MBM Defense Security Operations Team is seeking a working student to support with our global strategic activities and our daily business.
The activities you'll be supporting with vary from supporting proof of concepts to security incident management.
Examples are:
Supporting the Cyber Security Incident Management process
Piloting new technologies for Security Incident tracking
Daily administrative work (activities related to Project Management and Reporting)
Support in development of a Security Incident reporting dashboard
Support Threat Report generation for our CISO and Executive Committee
Qualifications
Started Computer Science, Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study
Basic Knowledge of Cyber Security incl. risk management, incidents and threats
Proficient English language skill; German language skill is a plus
Experience with Microsoft Office (Excel and PowerPoint), Experience with PowerBI is a plus
International experience and basic Project Management skills would be desirable
Additional information:
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, certificate of enrollment, current performance record, relevant certificates, if applicable proof of mandatory internship and the standard period of study (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
Please find the criteria of employment here.
Citizens of countries outside the European Trade Union please send, if applicable, your residence / work permit.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv@ mercedes-benz.com
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the Ch at-Bot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.