Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Tech Lead - ABOUT YOU (m/f/d) - onsite or remote within the EU
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
We are currently looking for a skilled & passionate Tech Lead (m/f/d) to become part of and direct one of our Tech Units at ABOUT YOU! 
Our Tech Department is the heart of ABOUT YOU, driven by the passion to develop the best infrastructure & tech applications. As our Tech Lead (m/f/d), you will direct a team of 15 to 25 developers and product owners together with a Product Lead. With your deep understanding of building digital products and software development, you will constantly optimize our complex applications in consideration of all requirements and stakeholders.
Contribute to one of the fastest-growing eCommerce infrastructures in Europe and become part of ABOUT YOU as a Tech Lead (m/f/d)!
What you will do
Build complex & high scalable technical solutions in close cooperation with our Managing Director and the Product Lead
Draft architectural decisions and ensure reliable and state-of-the-art products
Lead a world-class team of engineers, product managers, QA’s, and collaborate with designers to ship new components and features
Work within a dynamic & international environment with an agile working culture using methodologies such as SCRUM or Kanban
Work in an agile & international team with flat hierarchies and very short decision-making process
Who you are
You are very proficient in developing high-scalable software products, preferably in PHP and Javascript
You have a deep understanding about Software Architecture and Infrastructure setups in the cloud (e.g. AWS, Google Cloud)
You write well-structured, efficient and maintainable code and actively keep the quality of the codebase in check
You have a deep understanding of data messaging and microservices
You feel comfortable with people management topics and have worked in a leading role in a fast-changing environment before
You think and act like an entrepreneur and take decisions based on important business metrics
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux)
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Free access to online learning platforms like Laracast, Egghead and A Cloud Guru
Help in relocation and VISA process
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU.
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you, it is very easy to upload your application documents. :) 
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland