Jobs by email
HyperChrom Deutschland GmbH
Development Engineer Electronics and Software
Be an early applicant
Alfter
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Einleitung
HyperChrom Deutschland GmbH - hyperfast GC - researches, develops, and sells ultra-fast gas chromatographs - a game-changer ! We are a Bonn-based start-up in the maturity phase, a small, interdisciplinary team of experienced technical developers, service engineers and analysts, which is now being expanded with capable and intelligent professionals.
As part of the development department, you will work continuously to bring out the best in HyperChrom's globally unrivalled Hyper-Fast gas chromatography. In close cooperation with a small, interdisciplinary team of experienced technical developers, service technicians and analysts, you will develop the Hyper-Fast GC of tomorrow and implement occasional special requests from customers. Know-how in the areas of electronics and software is particularly in demand.
Ihre Aufgaben
- assembly, testing and programming of electronic modules and devices
- Troubleshooting, analysis and, if necessary, repair of faulty modules and devices
- Development - improvement of electronic modules
Ihr Profil
Master's degree or a doctorate in engineering, electrical engineering, information technology or comparable fields.
Curiosity, creativity and the ability to work in a team.
A structured and solution-oriented way of working.
Willingness to travel occasionally, e.g. to trade fairs and to customers' experimental set-ups.
Good language skills in German and English.
Valid car driving licence.
Relevant practical experience and advanced language skills would be ideal.
Wir bieten
Future-proof employment in a rapidly developing company.
Comprehensive training in State of the art GC technology of the highest quality.
Supportive team in a flat hierarchy.
Independently work on your own development projects right from the start.
Opportunity to grow together with HyperChrom even without prior professional experience.
Flexible working hours by arrangement.
Mobile availability under own business mobile number, so that leisure time and business assignments can be easily separated.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HyperChrom Deutschland GmbH
Konrad-Zuse-Strasse 1-3, 53347 Alfter, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -