Jobs by email
B. Braun Melsungen AG
Senior Software Architect (f/m/d)
Freiburg im Breisgau
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 hours ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
You're an important part of our future. Hopefully, we're also a part of yours!
At B. Braun, we protect and improve the health of people worldwide. This is also our vision for IT. You see technology as an opportunity, and you develop solutions that secure our business in the long term, we would like to implement the digital transformation of B. Braun with you. With fresh ideas, drive and team spirit, we are working to launch the medical technology of tomorrow and safeguard the healthcare of the future. Together. That's Sharing Expertise.
Senior Software Architect (f/m/d)
Reference Code DE-612023-77335
B. Braun New Ventures is a Corporate Start-Up based in Freiburg, Germany and takes a lead role in the digital transformation of healthcare. With a young and fast-growing team, we develop solutions to automate medical procedures across various business areas. Our goal is to augment caregivers' eyes, hands and decision making with sensors, robotics, and artificial intelligence. Our cloud platform team is focused on creating corporate-wide solutions that will drive the next generation of B. Braun's digital products and connected devices. The technologies and products we develop create new treatment possibilities, enable sharing of clinical experience, and result in better patient care.
In this scope we are searching for a Senior Software Architect (f/m/d) to work within the R&D team.
Duties and responsibilities
You work as a key member of the cloud platform team and maintain an overview of technologies and interfaces used within the B. Braun cloud platform
You analyze solutions and technologies and provide recommendations for improvement of cloud platform services
You serve as a trusted advisor and guide for product teams in transforming existing products and developing new ones
You maintain high-level documentation to help onboarding new developers and teams effectively
You collaborate with experts from diverse domains and play a crucial role in shaping the digital future of B. Braun products
You provide mentorship and guidance to junior software developers and participate as a co-developer in project teams
You optimize and promote the development of digital solutions in collaboration with our agile community
You participate in a new software development team and drive the quality of implementation and documentation through code and document reviews, release documentation and continuous improvement of the software development process
noch zu definieren durch B.Braun
Professional competencies
You have a degree in computer science, information technology, business informatics or several years of relevant professional experience
You have a strong background in cloud-based web application design and development using cloud providers, particularly Microsoft Azure
You are hands-on experienced with Agile development processes (SCRUM)
You have deepened experience in software architecture including design methodology, software modeling and object-oriented analysis and design with consideration of security
You have in-depth knowledge of software development lifecycle, including specification, implementation, testing, deployment and maintenance
It would be desirable if you have worked in the healthcare industry or in a comparable field
Personal competencies
You work effectively in multidisciplinary teams, encourage mutual support and collaboration also in a virtual environment
You are able to communicate effectively complex technical concepts and solutions
You are self-motivated and you have a hands-on mentality
You have a passion for technology and a desire to continuously learn and grow
You stay productive and capable of acting in critical situations
You communicate clearly and responsibly in German and English
Was wir bieten
What we offer
Become part of a corporate culture that actively promotes constructive exchanges between colleagues, customers and partners. Work with us to improve people's lives in the long term. We can offer you interesting, varied tasks and excellent opportunities for advancement, as well as an attractive salary with extensive benefits, all within a dynamic family-owned company.
Benefits
Contributing to improving peoples' health with cutting edge technologies working closely with international surgeons and other health care providers
Part of a young, agile, and fast-growing corporate start-up that benefits from the competences and resources of a global med tech leader
Flat hierarchies, fast decision making and role autonomy
A brand-new modern office optimized for concentration and collaboration with an integrated high-tech simulation operating room and generous social areas and creativity zones
High quality of life in one of Germany's most attractive cities
Your next step
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
B. Braun Melsungen AG
Freiburg im Breisgau, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.