Jobs by email
trinamiX GmbH
Embedded Software Developer (m/w/d)
Ludwigshafen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
RESPONSIBILITIES
You will be part of our Electronics & Firmware team and help shape our next generation of instruments. With our mobile spectrometers we bring the lab directly to the user on site.
You will develop code for spectrometers with integrated microcontrollers, verify it, and establish validation plans.
Furthermore, you develop software mockups or HIL systems to increase test coverage.
You will also work as part of a team to develop algorithms for calibration, compensation, and performance improvement.
Furthermore, you will program drivers for customer-specific ASICs as well as hardware in compliance with specified processes.
Last but not least, you will ensure gapless documentation of all specifications, reports, validation plans as well as patents.
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's or Master's degree in electrical engineering or computer engineering
Experience in programming in C/C++ for embedded systems and knowledge of Azure DevOps, Git and Visual Studio.
Strong analytical as well as problem solving skills
Ability to work in a team, methodical approach and structured work
BENEFITS
We combine the agility of a startup with the stable cash flow, infrastructure and advantages of a multinational corporation.
An attractive salary based on business success and your individual performance, and working on exciting, revolutionary technology.
Hybrid Work: Mobile working so that you can organize your workday and your private life more flexibly and combine them better.
You will be part of a very professional, diverse and supportive team with a positive work culture that is at the forefront of technological innovation.
We offer a culture of learning, individual career paths, feedback sessions and the opportunity to develop your career.
ABOUT US
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
trinamiX GmbH
Ludwigshafen, Deutschland