Jobs by email
BASF Services Europe GmbH
Project Manager for Data Workstreams (Data Steward) (m/f/d) - Hybrid Option GER
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Agriculture is all about balance. The balance that is crucial to everyone's existence - also applies to our Agricultural Solutions division. We connect innovative thinking with practical action to find the right balance for success - for farmers, agriculture and future generations. With seeds and traits, crop protection and digital solutions, we help farmers produce food more efficiently, protect the land and meet the needs of society.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Join our Agricultural Solutions Expert Services team and support us in building new data systems for the future.
As Project Manager for Data Workstreams you bear overall responsibility for the data workstream within specific projects to ensure our Data strategy is understood, implemented and in alignment with the data needs of the respective project.
You identify relevant stakeholders, data owners, data stewards and other data experts necessary to run the project, guide and train them regarding the overall data principles and processes.
Moreover, you ensure that accountabilities and responsibilities around data management are fulfilled and compliance with data-related policies followed (e.g., privacy).
Achieving more together: You act as a competent contact person for data questions and solve problems in coordination with the respective stakeholders.
You collect and consolidate data-related business requirements, prioritize their implementation, and coordinate their resolution.
You ensure continuous tracking of data progress and delivery on agreed actions and targets and prepare corresponding reports for transparency by defining performance and quality metrics.
Furthermore, you validate data completeness and accuracy and ensure that defined data quality is reached.
Identifying structural improvement areas in the data landscape and define and guide the implementation of corresponding improvements is part of your role.
You keep stakeholders continuously informed and drive communication on data topics inside and outside the project and moderate relevant data meetings and workshops.
Finally, you will identify opportunities for reuse of data models and streamline data processes as well as take care of change management regarding data.
QUALIFICATIONS
university degree (Bachelor or advanced degree in information technology, business administration, data management, data statistics or related field)
several years of experience in project management related positions, ideally focused on data or process harmonization projects
experienced in project management and using agile organization tools (e.g., Azure DevOps) and document platforms
experience with statistics, data analytics, data visualization and graphics tools (e.g., PowerBI)
good understanding of data standards and formats, data cataloging, data quality concepts as well as able to analyze complex structures of data architecture and their interconnections
team player and effective communicator with high moderating and presentation skills
business fluent English and German in speech and writing
BENEFITS
Flexible working hours so that you can organize your working and private life according to your needs.
Location-independent work models with defined days of presence in Berlin and place of residence in Germany.
30 days of paid vacation, special leave and sabbatical options.
Onboarding to help you settle in quickly, ensuring you are part of the BASF team from day one.
Gross annual salary (full time): 70,000€ - 75,000€, depending on qualifications and work experience.
ABOUT US
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BASF Services Europe GmbH
Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Home office
Extra day off
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.