Jobs by email
Verivox GmbH
Senior Software Engineer Full-Stack (m/f/d) - Ref.: 21980
Heidelberg, Berlin, München, Leipzig
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
Become part of the Verivox Team!
Verivox is part of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and is one of the leading, independent online consumer portals in Germany. Since 1998 it is our mission to help consumers get the best deals for electricity, gas, DSL, mobile phones, finances, insurances, real estate, cars, motorbikes and travel. More than 8 million happy customers have compared prices, and then changed their provider - thereby saving more than EUR 1.6 billion. We are a fast-growing and profitable company and continuously strive to improve our services. Whether at any of our ten locations in Germany or in Switzerland: we are one team aiming to give our customers a better experience every day. A flat hierarchy and innovative and dynamic processes help us in achieving this aim - while still having fun being part of the team.
What you can expect
Become part of the Verivox team!
We are looking for you! We offer a fulltime position (40h/week) as a Senior Software Engineer Full-Stack (m/f/d) in one of our locations in Heidelberg, Berlin, Munich or Leipzig. The offer includes the option of working several days per week in the mobile office.
Your Mission
You are building features with a high focus on customer value
You collaborate in cross functional teams with Developers, UX Designers and User Researchers
You are open minded towards our multi-cultural environment
You enjoy making decisions with your team on a consent basis
You take an active role in every step of the development process
You dare to try new things and bring about change
Your essential experience and education
Web frontend technologies: Angular or React
Backend technologies: Microsoft Asp.Net Core, NodeJs as nice to have
Cloud technologies: Docker, Kubernetes and Google Cloud as nice to have
Test Driven development, Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment
Highly self-organized, passionate, pragmatic, efficient, innovative
Fluent in written and spoken English
What's in it for you?
More than 500 employees from over 30 nations as a collegial community with flat hierarchies
Our "New Normal": generous mobile office regulations enable you to work flexibly from home - already today, but also after Corona
Open, modern and friendly working environment with a startup feeling
Own area of responsibility with room to develop your own ideas and concepts
A relaxed and constantly evolving work environment where success is as important as regular team events
Informal working environment - no dress code
Exclusive employee benefits such as job ticket, job bike, lunch allowance, employee discounts and company pension scheme
Complimentary hot and cold drinks and fresh fruit
Centrally located with optimal transport connections
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €