Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Analytics Lead (m/f/x) - Precision Farming Solutions
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Do you want to make agriculture more sustainable and efficient through smart farming applications? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced, future driven, start-up like environment within a large organisation? Are you excited about combining technology, agronomics, data science and commercial competencies to develop truly innovative solutions? Then join our dynamic and inter-disciplinary Precision Farming Solutions team of agri tech enthusiasts and develop solutions that will shape how agricultural production would look like in future.
Your Role
Responsible for all data analytics and calibration activities for our team, which involves data handling, selection and training of models to predict dependent variables
Lead conversations with data analytics partners consisting of universities, companies, as well as ZEISS-internal business units
Drive continuous improvement of models and ensure they are ready to be launched as a commercial solution
Work in inter-disciplinary team in close association with our experts from spectroscopy, software and cloud technology, machine learning and agronomy
Ihr Profil
Outstanding academic record in computer science, mathematics, or equivalent natural science
Min. 5 years work experience in designing and implementing data science solutions until product launch (e.g. model development based on spectroscopic signals or equivalent)
Very good programming skills preferably in Python as well as in setting up CI/CD pipelines
Extensive experience in machine learning, chemometrics, statistical data analysis (multivariate analysis), and use of established libraries (Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow/PyTorch)
Ability to articulate and present results and complex relationships in an easily understandable way to a non-technical audience
Eagerness to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with high degree of autonomy
Very good communication skills and ability to work in cross-functional teams
Professional English and German language skills
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.