Jobs by email
BMW Group
Senior Data Engineer (f/m/x)
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Data Science team in Ulm is currently seeking a
Senior Data Engineer (f/m/x)
Tasks
At BMW Car IT, a wholly owned subsidiary of BMW AG, we live and breathe software. We design and implement embedded software for electronic control units of the BMW cars as well as related tools and frameworks. By delivering software all the way from the idea to the final product we lead BMW into the future of digitalization and mobility.
Software in highly integrated electronic control units is the basis for inspiring customer experiences in the Digital Car. Feature development in the fields of e.g. autonomous driving and infotainment relies on BMW's state-of-the-art and high-performance Software development platform. Within this central development platform, we collect, integrate and analyze data generated throughout the Software development process to identify potentials for improvement, monitor KPIs and develop data driven tools for developers as well as managers.
What awaits you?
Together with our process partners you develop and improve data assets for the analysis and optimization of our Software development processes.
You are responsible for designing and implementing data ingest and transformation pipelines to bring these data assets to live.
You direct the implementation of the data pipelines from the first PoC to production and accompany their operation and maintenance.
Furthermore, you ensure that the requirements from data governance regarding data quality, security and privacy are fulfilled.
You support our process partners with their analysis and visualization needs.
Sharing your insights and developing ideas to further shape the data analytics landscape at BMW is also part of your tasks.
Profile
What you should bring along?
University degree in computer science or a related technical field with a focus on data intensive applications.
Extended professional experience in architecting and implementing scalable data pipelines in cloud environments, preferably AWS (Amazon Web Services).
Experience with data analytics and modeling in relational as well as modern NoSQL and big data database systems.
Excellent programming skills in data related programming languages and frameworks, such as Python, Spark, SQL.
Familiarity with modern Software engineering concepts like DevOps, CI/CD and infrastructure as code and agile processes.
First experience with technical leadership is a plus
Know-how in advanced analytics and machine learning is a plus.
Business-fluent English.
You enjoy working in an international team and are passionate about data quality? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. e-mail) cannot be considered.
We offer
What we offer in Ulm?
Company car option.
English speaking teams in an intercultural setting.
Flexible organization of working times & mobile work arrangements.
High Work-Life Balance.
Career development & continuous personal qualification.
Relocation Services for our new employees.
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Option for remote contract within Germany: No.
Job Reference: 75424
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
89081 Ulm, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.