Jobs by email
Riverty
(Senior) Data Engineer (m/f/d)
Berlin, Baden-Baden, Verl
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
A world where business meets the needs of humanity. Where financial technology makes a difference. Where everyone is in control of their own financial story. At Riverty, we're building it, together. A team of more than 5,000 experts in 13 countries, we're finding smarter, simpler, seamlessly connected ways to manage money. From flexible payments to smarter accounting and debt collection, our holistic solutions empower everyone to live their best financial lives. It's time to enter a new era of economic freedom.
Everything we do, starts with you.
Together with you, we build the most human-centric fintech. We have the ambition to create the next. And - with Bertelsmann - a strong foundation to start from. Let's make it new - for society and for yourself.
Riverty offers customers payment solutions that make everyday life simpler!
Our solutions contribute to a flexible and customer-friendly payment alternative, offering customers (m/f/d) the opportunity to choose when and how they want to pay for a purchase. Delivering a trustworthy and positive shopping experience, both for retailers and end customers makes us proud but not content. Our ambition is higher and now we have a great opportunity for a Data Engineer (m/f/d) to join our growing team.
We are looking for a
(Senior) Data Engineer (m/f/d)
(unlimited, full-time) Choose one of our locations globally, with 80% Mobile Office: Berlin, Baden-Baden or Verl
to create and manage BI and analytics solutions that turn data into knowledge using cutting-edge technology.
In this role you will work extensively with data and data analysis in a variety of tools and methods. You should be analytical and a great communicator. We expect you to be truly interested in data and love to work and wrangle with it.
Ultimately, you will enhance our business intelligence solutions to help us make better decisions and become a more data driven company.
Tasks
Semantic Power BI data modelling and dashboarding for requested initiatives.
Take lead in design and development of ETL solutions using Azure Data Factory, Databricks and other data tools.
Testing and troubleshooting.
Collaborate with international teams to integrate varieties of systems ultimately creating the ‘Riverty data universe'.
Develop and execute database queries and conduct analyses.
Translate business needs to technical specifications.
Profile
Proven experience as a BI Developer using Microsoft Data technology.
Background in data warehouse design (e.g. dimensional modeling), data mining and database management systems.
Years of experience in ETL development (e.g. using Azure Data Factory).
Strong understanding of the analytical possibilities of different data structures.
Proven abilities to take initiative and be innovative.
Analytical mind with a problem-solving aptitude.
Possess the ability to balance multiple priorities in an agile team, be detail-oriented and also work independently.
You are always interested in the best solution.
You are a team player.
High proficiency with a variety of data sources and types of data (both structured and semi-structured data).
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field.
This would get us excited but the lack experience of shouldn´t keep you from applying:
Experience with the financial industry, especially in Debt Collection and Buy Now, Pay Later.
Experience with Terraform.
Experience with streaming data Azure Service Bus/Event Hub.
Experience in Code based ETL/ELT using Python, Scala, Apache Spark, Databricks, Delta Lake et al.
Experience in Low-code ETL using SSIS or similar tools.
We offer
At Riverty, we offer you modern workplace models with 80% Mobile Office globally. For more flexibility and freedom.
With us, life balance is not just something we claim, but something we live, and you can do the same in many European countries where we are operating. Riverty helps you to arrange your working life in the way that suits you best. Big city or small town? You can choose to work remotely and still stay connected with your team virtually.
And if it gets too quiet at home, you can just drop by our tech hubs in Berlin and Tallinn, or any of our 30 locations across Europe.
At Riverty, we are as diverse as society itself. We have great people from more than 25 different countries around the world - creating the most human-centric fintech together. With us, you can be who you are.
Culture? Easy: Open and at eye level, trust instead of dislike, cooperation instead of lone warriors. You will work in cross-functional, agile, dynamic teams with a start-up spirit. At the same time, you will benefit from all the opportunities within the Bertelsmann Group.
Take time for yourself and your health. With sports and leisure activities we support your wellbeing.
We want to grow together. With trainings from the Riverty Academy and individual training opportunities we support your development.
Because we appreciate what you do. For us. For our customers. Check our many employee discounts. To sweeten your everyday life.
More information on riverty.com/careers. Are you already convinced? Then we look forward to receiving your online application - with just a few clicks.
We look forward to applications from candidates who contribute to the diversity of our company. We relate diversity in particular to the dimensions of cultural or social origin, religion, age, disability, gender and sexual identity.
Company: Riverty Group GmbH
Country: Germany
State/Region: Berlin
City: Berlin
Postal Code: 10623
Job ID: 189381
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Certificates