Jobs by email
Riverty GmbH
IT Governance Manager (m/f/d)
Verl, Berlin, Amsterdam, Heerenveen, Tallinn, Stockholm, Oslo
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Über uns
A world where business meets the needs of humanity. Where financial technology makes a difference. Where everyone is in control of their own financial story. At Riverty, we're building it, together. A team of more than 5,000 experts in 13 countries, we're finding smarter, simpler, seamlessly connected ways to manage money. From flexible payments to smarter accounting and debt collection, our holistic solutions empower everyone to live their best financial lives. It's time to enter a new era of economic freedom.
Everything we do, starts with you.
Together with you, we build the most human-centric fintech. We have the ambition to create the next. And - with Bertelsmann - a strong foundation to start from. Let's make it new - for society and for yourself.
We are looking for a
IT Governance Manager (m/f/d)
(unlimited) Choose one of our locations, with 80% Mobile Office: Verl, Berlin, Amsterdam, Heerenveen, Tallinn, Stockholm or Oslo
The IT Governance Manager (m/f/d) will be critical to the continued evolution of our Tech organisation in the European Payment Institute.
Your primary responsibility will be to oversee contractual and regulatory requirements as well as monitoring IT audit and compliance efforts. You will serve as a lead for defining new controls and processes, including facilitation of the remediation of identified control gaps.
You will be a critical representative for IT Governance, spanning across all functions of the organization covering control subject areas including policies and procedures, application security, access and incident management.
Aufgaben
You will drive the implementation of regulatory IT standards for a Payment Institute and ensure the procedures and internal control structures within the functional organization and vendor landscape
You will contribute to client success by taking the end-to-end responsibility for the IT governance related contract obligations, driving the execution of selected processes, e.g. Incident Management
You play an active role in continuous IT service provider monitoring, adhering to agreed SLAs and KPIs
You act as the first point of contact responding to and coordinating IT audits and third party surveys
You ensure compliance in change management processes, e.g. significant updates of relevant regulation or applications or move to the cloud
You manage remediation activities of any findings/issues, including identification of root cause and the design of strategic efforts to continuously improve our IT compliance posture
You function as a leader in the identification of improvements in the Governance and compliance programs
Profil
You demonstrate passion for innovation, risk management, and a mature understanding of Information Technology and possess:
A solid understanding and experience in Payment regulation and their application to IT controls and governance
Experience evaluating the design and effectiveness of IT controls
A strong understanding of the IT general control areas and the IT governance framework
Advanced understanding of risk and compliance in the cloud, experience with Azure and/or AWS capabilities and services highly desirable
Demonstrated ability to take initiative and ownership with focus on continuous improvement
The ability to clearly communicate risk in a concise manner that helps drive change; build consensus amongst senior leaders and executives
Wir bieten
At Riverty, we offer you modern workplace models with 80% Mobile Office globally. For more flexibility and freedom.
With us, life balance is not just something we claim, but something we live, and you can do the same in many European countries where we are operating. Riverty helps you to arrange your working life in the way that suits you best. Big city or small town? You can choose to work remotely and still stay connected with your team virtually. And if it gets too quiet at home, you can just drop by our tech hubs in Berlin and Tallinn, or any of our 13 locations across Europe.
At Riverty, we are as diverse as society itself. We have great people from more than 25 different countries around the world - creating the most human-centric fintech together. With us, you can be who you are.
Culture? Easy: Open and at eye level, trust instead of dislike, cooperation instead of lone warriors. You will work in cross-functional, agile, dynamic teams with a start-up spirit. At the same time, you will benefit from all the opportunities within the Bertelsmann Group.
Take time for yourself and your health. With sports and leisure activities we support your wellbeing.
We want to grow together. With trainings from the Riverty Academy and individual training opportunities we support your development.
Because we appreciate what you do. For us. For our customers. Check our many employee discounts. To sweeten your everyday life.
More information on riverty.com/careers. Are you already convinced? Then we look forward to receiving your online application - with just a few clicks.
We look forward to applications from candidates who contribute to the diversity of our company. We relate diversity in particular to the dimensions of cultural or social origin, religion, age, disability, gender and sexual identity.
Company: Riverty GmbH
Country: Deutschland
State/Region: Berlin
City: Verl, Berlin, Amsterdam, Heerenveen, Tallinn, Stockholm, Oslo
Postal Code: 10623
Job ID: 254900
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €