Jobs by email
CARIAD
Senior Function & Concept Engineer - System Base (m/f/d)
Wolfsburg | Ingolstadt | München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
At CARIAD, it’s our mission to transform automotive mobility for everyone, everywhere, making it safer, more sustainable, and more comfortable in every way.
To deliver on that promise, we’re building a unified technology and software platform, including a vehicle OS and cloud platform, as well as a unified architecture. As a 100% subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group, we’re developing solutions for all of its brands, including Volkswagen, Audi, and Porsche, and will bring our software to over 40 million vehicles by 2030.
Is this an easy task? Not at all! To tackle such a huge challenge, we need a great team. And that’s where you come in. You’ll join more than 5,000 CARIDIANS already working on the latest vehicle features and functions like automated driving, state-of-the-art charging technology, as well as a new digital ecosystem. Together, we’re bringing sustainable change to one of the largest companies in the world.
YOUR TEAM
We develop the standardized cockpit electronics and software system for future vehicle E/E architectures. We will provide the base for the Infotainment Platform enabling a rich, simple and comfortable infotainment and digital customer experience across all Volkswagen Group brands.
The System Base team is a group of experts and technology enthusiasts located in the Architecture Development Area at CARIAD. With deep system knowledge and technological skill, we work on projects from the first minute until the product goes to production. The team is responsible for a broad field of base functions like Operating Systems (Linux, AUTOSAR, Android, QNX), Performance, Stability, Power Management, Virtualization, Tracing and Logging of the Cockpit Infotainment System. We design, develop, manage system and software requirements together with our partners and suppliers. Functional responsibilities are also in Factory Reset, User Management and&nbsp;Infotainment System Functions.&nbsp;During the development cycle a major part is the error analysis together with our internal and external SW partners.
As "Function &amp; Concept Engineer” you will be responsible for several functions over the complete system chain within the infotainment system.&nbsp;
#OneInfotainment
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Lead Infotainment enabler functions, e.g. User Management, Personalization, Persistency, camera control&nbsp;according to standards
Responsibility as Product Owner: Specify requirements and concepts, manage the SW suppliers, test and optimize the functions
Responsibility of a final functional approval (End2End)
Align system technology requirements, assess and consolidate available solutions and alternatives, standards and best-practices across Group Brands
Assess system hardware and software implementation in terms of system requirement specifications, change requests, system function and system integration
Control and cooperate with Software Development departments within &amp; outside of CARIAD
WHO YOU ARE
University degree in Engineering, computer science or comparable course
Several years of experience in system and/or software development, preferably in the area of body or infotainment systems
Thorough understanding of automotive electronics and software development projects including current and emerging processes and technologies
Knowledge of functional, vehicle and control unit architectures and software platforms, operating systems, programming languages (deep knowledge of C, C++), software technologies in a virtualized system, and automotive tools (e.g. Vector CANoe)
Ideally process-know how within ASPICE and agile development methods
Fluent written and verbal communication skills in English, German is a plus
NICE TO KNOW
Remote work options
Temporary work from abroad in selected countries
Flextime / optional working hours
Company pension plan
Annual professional development
Sabbatical option up to 6 months
30 days paid + 10 days unpaid leave
Possibility for VW Group car leasing
If you have further questions about the candidate journey at Cariad, talk to Cari, our Cariad Chatbot.&nbsp;Can’t see it? Check your settings or visit our&nbsp;FAQ
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.