Jobs by email
Vet Pharma Friesoythe GmbH
Senior IT Business Analyst (m/w/d)
Friesoythe
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
Our IT team operates as a business partner proposing ideas and innovative solutions that enable new organizational capabilities. We collaborate internationally to deliver the services and solutions that help everyone to be more productive and enable innovation.
We are looking for a
Senior IT Business Analyst (m/f/d)
to join our Global Animal Health Manufacturing IT team in Friesoythe, near Oldenburg.
This position is a full-time fixed-term contract for 2 years.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Understand, development and/or configuration of interfaces between different IT systems (e.g. SCADA LIMS or ERP Systems)
Support the manufacturing IT at the site which include efforts such as enterprise resiliency, modernization, maintenance, and other miscellaneous IT related projects
Configuration and troubleshooting of client and server / client-based automation systems
Support closely all IT related initiatives including the day-to-day operational support for the site
Cooperate with the global IT organization for installing servers and configuration of the IT network
REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's degree in life science, plant engineering, information systems or related discipline, or equivalent and extensive related project experience
Experience in IT and / or automation
Ability to adapt to rapidly changing technology and apply it to business needs
Able to think out of the box on situation dependent issues
Experience in integration and management of Manufacturing Systems in Pharma/Biopharma/Life science or similar industries
Ability to engage with software vendors and third-party solutions integrators on technical details
Fluent in English and German
Our Support Functions deliver services and make recommendations about ways to enhance our workplace and the culture of our organization. Our Support Functions include HR, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Procurement, Administration, Facilities and Security.
Who we are …
We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey, USA in the United States and Canada and MSD everywhere else. For more than a century, we have been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Today, our company continues to be at the forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions and advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and animals around the world.
What we look for ...
Imagine getting up in the morning for a job as important as helping to save and improve lives around the world. Here, you have that opportunity. You can put your empathy, creativity, digital mastery, or scientific genius to work in collaboration with a diverse group of colleagues who pursue and bring hope to countless people who are battling some of the most challenging diseases of our time. Our team is constantly evolving, so if you are among the intellectually curious, join us—and start making your impact today.
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vet Pharma Friesoythe GmbH
26169 Friesoythe, Deutschland