Jobs by email
50Hertz Transmission GmbH
Java Software Architect (Tailor Made Developments) (f/m/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
50Hertz Transmission GmbH, Berlin
50Hertz is one of the four trans­mission system operators in Germany. We transport electricity at extra-high voltage level. The company's approximately 1,600 employees achieve something that until recently seemed impossible: advancing the energy transition at high speed while maintaining a high level of supply security. Together with the Belgian electricity grid operator Elia (Brussels), we form the inter­nationally active Elia Group.  The Product Owner APMO is leading the development of a groupwide asset management tool for both companies.
My new job at 50Hertz Transmission GmbH (Elia Group)
Java Software Architect (Tailor Made Developments) (f/m/d)
Place of work: Berlin-Mitte – Heidestraße 2, 10557 Berlin
Entry date: As soon as possible 
Permanent contract | Full-time (37 hours per week) 
Job ID: 6772
Why is this role interesting for me? The Elia Group is at the forefront of the energy transition. In this international team, I can contribute to innovative as well as intuitive tailor-made applications, which meet and exceed the specific business needs. At the Elia Group, I can make an impact and create assets for an organization, which ensures the security of energy supply for 30 million people. At the same time, I can continuously develop my strengths, take responsibility, and set standards for the Java development.
I am the technical lead, being responsible for tailor made software developments addressing specific business needs and contributing to the digital energy transition.
Development of solutions and communication with various stakeholders
Identification of necessary software components and tools
Setting technical specifications and documentation
Ensuring a high development quality, recognizing defined governance rules and standardization, related to a stable and durable application design
Definition and maintenance of the relevant technology stack
Exploring new solutions and technologies
Close collaboration with the internal application managers
Management of external developers, e.g. quality assurance via code reviews
Adaption to the individual project management methodology
Sharing my knowledge and expertise among other Java architects
Considering special requirements of a critical IT infrastructure
Agile and optimization-focused thinking is part of our team DNA at the Elia Group.
My profile:
IT / tech-related academic degree (bachelor’s or master’s degree)
Several years of experience using the Java-stack
Very good knowledge of Java frameworks (e.g. Spring Boot)
Good knowledge of redundant, highly available systems, microservice architectures, API-centric system designs, and development environments
Knowledge of dependency injection, software design patterns and continuous integration
Language skills: English (C1), fluent German is a plus
Nice to have:
Experience with development in cloud environment (public and private cloud)
Good knowledge of standards and Java web technologies (backend) such as Open API Specifications 3.0, REST, gRPC as well as Camunda BPM, Hazelcast as well as libraries for web front ends
Knowledge of OAuth2.0, SQL databases, graph databases, NoSQL databases as well as Kubernetes
Benefits:
Individual training opportunities
A modern working environment in the city centre (directly at the main station)
30 days holiday
A company restaurant with fresh prepared meals
Free beverages (coffee, cocoa, tea, water)
A company Kindergarten and a parent & child office for short-term care bottlenecks
Company pension scheme
A multiple award-winning employer: Top Company (kununu, 2023); FairCompany (Handelsblatt, 2023); Most Wanted Employer (Die Zeit, 2023); Top Employer for IT Jobs (CHIP, 2023); Dream Employer: Innovative. Digital. Sustainable (FAZ Institute, 2022); Fair training & fair trainee program (Trendence, 2023); Germany's most family-friendly companies (Freundin, 2022)
… for more details visit our career website
Flexi Compass – see how flexible this job is:
Working hours per week: 37 hours (full time)
Flexible working hours and a long-term working time account supporting your work-life-balance
The number of flex days is not limited
No core working hours
Mobile working, also from home, is possible
My application:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
50Hertz Transmission GmbH
Heidestraße 2, 10557 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates