Jobs by email
umlaut
(Senior) Consultant - Sustainability & Life Cycle Assessment (all genders)
bundesweit, Augsburg, Berlin, Bremen, Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
Jobbeschreibung
You are looking for the extraordinary, for something special, that certain wow!-thing!? You find it at umlaut. In an interdisciplinary team you’ll provide our well-known customers with technological and organizational advice. Together, we catapult them into a new technological age with our engineering services. In doing so, umlaut bundles its many years of expertise in all industries, including automotive, energy, aviation, and telecommunications as well as in the public sector. The full-service company is part of the global Accenture family since 2021. With more than 5,000 engineers and experts at over 50 locations worldwide, umlaut strengthens the digital engineering competence of this leading consulting and technology company. Join us when we transform the way customers design, construct and manufacture their products - and establish sustainability in the company on töp!
Your responsibilities
Are you passionate about sustainability in a technological and innovative environment? Then join us and work independently on various projects as a consultant in the area of sustainability
Together with your team, you will evaluate products and systems over their life cycle, advise customers on the eco-certification of their products, identify strategic sustainability approaches and anchor these in operational processes and organizational structures
In addition, you record sustainability performance both internally and externally, as part of our customer projects. Among other things, you will use the Life Cycle Assessment for this purpose
You will further develop various existing products, services and technologies with a focus on sustainability
You create project sketches, offer documents and presentations
For the further development of the corporate strategy, you place particular emphasis on internal networking
Under the aspect of business development you support our managers in project acquisition & securing follow-up orders
You will communicate your passion for sustainability through various events and workshops
Qualifikationen - What we are looking forward to
You have a degree in economics/engineering, preferably with a focus on energy, environmental or sustainability issues
You are an expert in LCA and in one of your previous jobs you have worked with LCA software (e.g. GABI) and like to share your knowledge of LCAs and PCFs with the (junior) consultants in the team
Due to your experience in an entrepreneurial environment you are familiar with process-based working methods (e.g. product development processes) as well as project-oriented work
Based on relevant professional experience, you bring knowledge in the area of framework-based standards (e.g. UN SDG, ISO 26000, Global Reporting, ISO 14001 & 14009) and the essential sustainability topics (e.g. Science Based Targets, Planetary Boundaries ...)
You work reliably, solution-oriented and systematically. You convince with your strong communication skills, your excellent presentation and moderation skills as well as your pleasure in dealing with customers
You are proficient in the use of common MS-Office applications and have experience with environmental accounting software
Willingness to travel, commercial understanding and very good analytical skills round off your profile
Your German is top notch, and your English is also impressive
Your perks
An entrepreneurial environment with immediate responsibility and a chance to make a difference from the word go
Innovative projects with big name clients and exposure to future, cutting edge technologies
Unlimited individual growth opportunities and the ability to create a personalised career path
Access to a global network with opportunities to live and work abroad
All the support, training and coaching you need to further your career
and extra on top: A team spirit and family-like culture as exciting and colourful as our gradient coloured coffee marshmallows
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Terrace
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.