Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Software Engineer (d/f/m)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
A vacancy for a Software Engineer (d/f/m) has arisen within Airbus Defence and Space in Manching.
If you are looking for a challenging task in a development team at Airbus Defence and Space in Manching and if you are interested in systems & software design around military aircrafts, you're welcomed to our department.
We develop and maintain Electronic Warfare Ground Support Systems for our Tornado, A400M and Eurofighter platforms at the Airbus-sites in Manching.
Our systems enable Electronic Warfare mission data preparation, provide the interfaces to the flying platforms, and support the evaluation of the mission or flight.
Your main tasks and responsibilities will include:
Analysis of the use cases and needs in close cooperation with the various stakeholders of system engineering team
Definition and realization of software architectures and the ability to evaluate different architectural solutions and choose the best solution
Understand user workflows and define SW and Graphical User Interface (GUI) solutions using specific technologies to support and enhance different steps throughout the mission data production.
Design and implementation of mission data preparation and validation solutions with the support of state-of-the-art technologies such as Eclipse, OSGI and Java.
Preparation and execution of software tests to satisfy the different levels of verification and validation
Integration of activities in the Software Development Lifecycle
Develop according to Software Development Plan and accompanied standards
We are looking for candidates with the following skills and experience:
Bachelor degree in computer science or equivalent qualification
Graduates and young professionals are welcome to apply
Experience with Eclipse, OSGI and Java
Good written and spoken German 
Good written and spoken English
A proactive mindset and high teamwork
Motivation for agile SW development processes and methods
Disabled applicants with equal qualifications will be given special consideration.
We Offer
Challenging tasks for/with unique services and products
Pleasant working atmosphere in a professional and international work environment
Exciting development opportunities and perspectives
Extensive company training offers (eLearning and Classroom Trainings)
Flexible working hours
Compatibility of work and family life
Attractive remuneration
Company Pension Scheme
Good connections to public transport and local parking facilities
Catering facilities on site
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
85077 Manching, Deutschland