Jobs by email
SCHOTT Pharma AG & Co. KGaA
Global Supply Chain Process Owner
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
SCHOTT is a leading international technology group in the areas of specialty glass and glass-ceramics. With more than 130 years of outstanding development, materials and technology expertise we offer a broad portfolio of high-quality products and intelligent solutions. SCHOTT is an innovative enabler for many industries, including the home appliance, pharmaceutical, electronics, optics, life sciences, automotive and aviation industries. SCHOTT strives to play an important part of everyone's life and is committed to innovation and sustainable success. The parent company, SCHOTT AG, has its headquarters in Mainz (Germany) and is solely owned by the Carl Zeiss Foundation. As a foundation company, SCHOTT assumes special responsibility for its employees, society and the environment.
Become #oneofus - and start your career at SCHOTT.
Your Contribution
You are the global expert for the processes of Material Master Data Management and define the worldwide valid processes, data structures and tools. In your role, you…
Ensure that processes, data structures and tools fit the purpose and support both a lean operational handling as well as the strategic fit
Are accountable for implementation and refinement of process design, in collaboration with affected stakeholders and relevant interfaces
Create user-oriented training documents and are in charge of global rollout and user training
Execute, monitor, and track project relevant activities, in your role as a project, sub-project, or work package leader
Are an important player in our product lifecycle management initiative, bringing the master data and specifications set-up to the next level
Your Profile
University degree in Computer Science, Technology, Engineering or Economics
3-5 years of professional experience in process management, ideally combined with the management of global supply chain projects
Expertise in the relevant processes as well as knowledge of the required master data and interfaces in adjacent process areas. Therefore, very good analytical skills are necessary
Your excellent communication skills in German and English, both written and spoken, will support your experience in process and project management
With your proactive working style, you adequately scrutinize existing work content and continuously search for improvement possibilities on your own
You are able to deal with conflicts as well as skilled in reconciling different interests
In-depth knowledge of Excel and good skills in presentation techniques are required, as well as an affinity for IT and a strong knowledge of SAP (MM, Classification, DMS)
Willingness to travel
Your Benefits
At SCHOTT, you can expect a unique corporate culture where we emphasize equity, diversity and inclusion. We know: motivated and committed employees are the condition for the success of our company.
Please feel free to contact us
You can expect interesting tasks and challenging projects, as well as motivated and friendly teams in fields that influence our future. Do you want to be successful with us? Then, please send us your application: SCHOTT Pharma AG & Co. KGaA, Human Resources, Marina Schmidt +4915127747045
*At SCHOTT, it's your personality that counts - not your gender, your identity, or origin.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
SCHOTT Pharma AG & Co. KGaA
55122 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Extra day off
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.