Jobs by email
Elevate Outdoor Collective
Senior IT Applications Manager (m/f/d)
Straubing
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
View job here
Senior IT Applications Manager (m/f/d)
Vollzeit
94315 Straubing, Deutschland
Mit Berufserfahrung
22.03.23
WHO WE ARE
Elevate Outdoor Collective is an alliance of iconic outdoor and winter sports brands with a specialized focus on skiing, snowboarding and outdoor. With each unique brand maintaining its own individual points of view and driving independent innovation, the Collective is fueled with the strength of world-class development facilities and engineers, global distribution channels and committed outdoor lifestyle enthusiasts and experts. Our brands include K2 Skis, K2 Snowboards, Völkl, Marker, Dalbello, RIDE Snowboards, LINE Skis, Backcountry Access, Atlas Snow Shoe Co., Tubbs Snowshoes, Madshus and K2 Skates. 
With an international portfolio of world-renowned brands recognized as trailblazers in innovation, performance and, most importantly, fun times by active lifestyle enthusiasts across the globe, Elevate Outdoor Collective will continue its mission to progress the culture of each and every outdoor endeavor it represents. As “One Team” backed by world-class development facilities and product engineers, incredibly talented athletes and ambassadors and a top-notch crew of employees who live and breathe the outdoor active lifestyle, Elevate Outdoor Collective is eager to take things to the next level.
YOUR CONTRIBUTION TO THE TEAM INCLUDES
> This person is responsible for overseeing the design, development, testing, and deployment of software applications and ensuring that the applications meet the needs of the business.
> Manage the outsourced contractors that oversee the IFS, Oracle, Easy, and In-house applications
> Ensure that the team delivers within time global support of our ERP system IFS as well as application support and support for our database organization
> Actively help driving new innovations, contribute to the development and implementation of new technologies and provide the basis for decisions in the field of business applications
> Project leadership for various IT projects  
> In addition to these technical responsibilities, the Senior IT Applications Manager (m/f/d) may also be involved in defining the organization's technology strategy, evaluating new technology solutions, and managing vendor relationships. They must have strong leadership skills, be able to effectively communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders and have a deep understanding of software development and the latest technology trends.
WHAT YOU`LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL
> "Support First" to build trust, foster loyalty, and create a positive reputation in the company. Our team is dedicated to providing prompt, professional, and empathetic support to ensure that every user has a positive experience.
>Degree level education in a relevant subject or commercial education with equivalent professional IT qualification 
> Excellent knowledge of ERP systems, ideally IFS and in the future will be NetSuite
> Very good programming skills as well as excellent skills in SQL for databases
> Strong organizational skills, analytical thinking and confidential handling of sensitive information
> A global team player who is able to lead employees with different backgrounds
> Excellent communications skills, both German and English business fluent
> Willingness to travel and permanent development
WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU
> A strong and attractive employer with innovative products
> An open corporate culture, personal responsibility, challenging tasks and a lot of freedom in carrying out these tasks
> A relaxed and informal working atmosphere 
> Individual career and training development
> Attractive employee conditions on our products and a diverse sports program – not only in winter!
HAVE WE AROUSED YOUR INTEREST?
Then, please send your informative application documents with salary requirements and earliest possible starting date to:
HR Team Straubing 
Heidi Raml
0049 - 9421 - 320270
Online bewerben Impressum | Datenschutzerklärung Powered by softgarden
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Elevate Outdoor Collective
94315 Straubing, Deutschland