Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Cloud Solution Engineer (f/m/div.)
Abstatt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Engineering GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Abstatt
Your tasks
As a part of an expert team you enable the digital transformation of Bosch Engineering.
You have an active overview on current technology trends and are an expert in technical solutions for various use-cases (e.g. billing, databases, container orchestration, etc.) and support actively in make-or-buy decisions.
Furthermore you lead the development and operations of web based services and products based on node.js, JavaScript, Typescript, HTML and CSS. Everything you build is based on micro service architectures and you use Github.com as code hosting and collaboration platform. The orchestration of the docker containers you build is managed by Kubernetes.
You evaluate, define and implement preferred solutions (e.g. AI frameworks) to accelerate sustainable development in your projects - convincing with performance, not governance.
Working tightly together within your core team and project teams is your daily business. You maintain an active network within the Bosch group.
Your profile
Education: You have an university degree.
Personality: You are a techie at heart whilst collaborating with others is your preferred approach to work. You are able to decide based on various criteria and can stand behind those decisions also if challenged.
Working Practice: You are used to work in a multi-disciplinary setting and love to contribute to a team. You are customer-oriented, project proven and your entrepreneurial thinking enables you to find new opportunities.
Experience and Know-How: You have several years of professional experience with a great track record in developing, deploying and operating of cloud solutions. You are an expert in cloud technology (namely AWS and Azure) and are highly experienced with a variety of services that support development and operations of large scale microservice architectures.
Languages: You are fluent in English and German.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Allee, 74232 Abstatt, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.