Jobs by email
Tecan Software Competence Center GmbH
Software Architect - .NET*
Wiesbaden
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Our purpose.
At Tecan we are driven to improve people's lives and health. We do this by empowering our customers to scale healthcare innovation globally from life science to the clinic. We collaborate with our customers from early-stage innovation through project implementation and beyond. We deliver the products, services and solutions that make lab processes and medical procedures precise, reproducible and compliant. 
Stay unique and make it count.
Our values - trust, highest standards and ambition - are the cornerstones of our business and provide the framework for Tecan's culture. We foster a positive and empowering environment where our rarest assets, our unique employees, can grow and bring their passion and talent to work.
Join Tecan! Join the market leader!
Work in an international and dynamic environment, share our success!
Ever wondered how your skills and unique background could impact the world of tomorrow? Join our R&D team and bring your passion and talent to work.
Software Architect - .NET*
Wiesbaden, Germany
Your contribution
As a member of our Software Architecture and Standards Team, you will be responsible for designing the architecture of our cloud-connected robotic and liquid handling solutions together with multiple globally distributed software project teams. With your personality and your architectural understanding, you will guide the development teams to follow the Tecan best practices and the global software strategy with the goal to build maintainable and best-in-class products in the life science and medtech industry. Your creativity, detail and solution-oriented thinking combined with your experience in the .NET and Angular technology stack enables you to design future-proof solutions and solve complex issues for lab workflows in connected devices.
Design and develop modular software architecture
Create reference designs and best practices
Design and review architectures with project teams and software engineers
Evaluate new software concepts, tools and methodologies
Your background
We are not just looking for hard skills: we are also looking for people who bring their passion and talent to work.
Bachelor's or master's degree in IT, or other related experience
Strong background in software development using Microsoft .NET and Angular
Experience in designing and implementing desktop and / or web applications
First experience in a software architect role as part of a product development team
What makes working at Tecan unique
The chance to make it count and to have an impact on the world of tomorrow
Working in an international and diverse environment
The chance to grow your career within the company
Feel empowered by our strong and unique company culture
Comprehensive compensation and benefits package
Join Tecan, a great place to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Tecan Software Competence Center GmbH
Peter-Sander-Straße 41 a, 55252 Wiesbaden, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -