Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
C++ Software Engineer with experience in Connectivity (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V692
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission (Required)
As a Software Developer in the Connectivity Team, you will contribute in constructing connectivity middleware for our in-vehicle infotainment platform – providing internet connectivity through various gateway devices for platform services and connected applications.
In an agile team, you will develop features as well as design, document, implement, integrate and test your code. Development will typically have C++ focus and make use of modern tools, technologies, engineering practices and methodologies.
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile (Required)
Education
Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Communication Technology or a comparable qualification
Experience 
Excellent embedded Linux Programming (C++) skills
Experience in embedded systems
Experience in networking and wireless sub-systems
Knowledge in IPC, async communication, threading
Know-how in version control and CI/CD
Familiar with design patterns and testing
Nice to have
Experience with open-source-software, scripting and CMake is a strong plus
Experience in vehicle diagnostics (UDS, DoIP)
Experience with SOME/IP
Experience with AUTOSAR
Experience with Yocto
Experience with QNX
Hardware relegated knowledge
Personal skills
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting technical issues
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
Aspiration to engineering excellence
Language skills
Proficient in English, German is a plus!
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? (Required)
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.