Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
Working student SIMULIA R&D Software Engineer (w/m/d)
Gilching
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Role description
Dassault Systèmes is the second largest software manufacturer in Europe and has been a dynamically growing, innovative company since 1981.
Do you have dreams? Do you enjoy challenges? Here at Dassault Systèmes, we empower people with passion to change the world.
Looking for an exciting opportunity in software engineering? Dassault Systemes, the 3DEXPERIENCE company, is hiring a dynamic and driven working student (w/m/d) to join our Simpack Motion development team. As an R&D Software Engineer, you'll work with our highly skilled and diverse team to make Simpack the best product on the market. With flexible working possibilities and a solution-oriented mindset, you'll experience firsthand what it's like to work in a first-class R&D environment using industry-standard tools.
Let’s open new horizons together with the power of 3DEXPERIENCE virtual universes! Shape your career with 3DS! #WeAre3DS
Your responsibilities
Define, implement, test and maintain new features in Simpack
Ensure that the code quality criteria comply with Dassault Systèmes standards
Implementing User Interfaces and connecting with underlying data model and solver
Creating and updating automated tests
Performance analysis and optimization
Your qualifications
Actively enrolled at a German university, preferably in the field of computer science or similar
Practical skills in C++ with newer standards like C++11 to 17
Experience with both Windows and Linux operating systems
Familiar with industry standard processes and tools for continuous integration, source code version control, build management, compile and linkage
Good English language skills, German would be a plus
Additional experience with BitBucket, git, Jira, cmake, gcc MSVC, Qt 5 or later, and 2D and 3D graphics development are of advantage
What’s in it for you
Flexible working hours with the possibility to work partially outside the office
Working with International teams all over the world on products used by large companies in different industries
Learning from and working with highly qualified, dedicated and diverse teams
Possibility for professional development in many different domains within our 3DEXPERIENCE University and LinkedIn Learning programs
The possibility of an exciting internship abroad
Additional benefits & perks such as Urban Sports Club membership (because who doesn't love staying fit while having fun?) and of course, unlimited coffee, fruit, and drinks at the office, we’ve got you covered 😉
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
Gilching, Deutschland