Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Cloud Infrastructure Engineer for Mercedes-Benz SoftwareFactory (all gender) - berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 12 hours ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V720
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
You will join a scrum team of Cloud Engineers, a Product Owner, an Agile Coach and an Engineering Lead, most of whom are located in Berlin. The team's dedication is to build a first class cloud-native infrastructure for our users based on Amazon AWS. We empower a true DevOps culture with our platform.   
As Cloud Infrastructure Engineer you will be working on MBition’s SoftwareFactory (SWF) for Mercedes-Benz - a large scaled CI/CD environment used to develop the MB.OS Platform, the car's main five Electronic Control Units (ECU's) and many other products, building together the core of a Mercedes-Benz car. While providing standardisation, the CI/CD is flexible enough to cater for different needs. In SoftwareFactory we enable software engineers to continuously develop, integrate, deliver and deploy the mobility experience of the future.
At MBition you will become part of a collaborative and agile team with a mixture of all experience levels, nationalities and genders. You will also have the opportunity to develop yourself with a provided budget for further education and shape your career within MBition. Remote work within Germany is possible.
Your role includes:
Be a part of a distributed team that builds scalable cloud infrastructures in AWS
Be responsible for providing the foundation of a large-scale CI/CD environment
Optimize the current platform to improve its robustness, security, flexibility and cost
Develop and drive the existing platform to the next level
Automate as much as possible
Provide advanced technical support for complex issues, handle bugs and provide consultancy to our internal teams  
Analyze the developers needs to provide the best developer experience
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education
Degree in Computer Science Engineering, information technology or similar fields is nice but equivalent work experience is also fine
Experience 
Experience with "Infrastructure as code" best practices using tools like Docker, Terraform and/or Kubernetes
Experience with the DevOps culture and cloud infrastructures with focus on AWS
Proficiency with Linux as a main OS
Comfortable working with scripting languages
Experience in installation and infrastructure configuration of CI/CD tools such as GitlabCI, Artifactory, Jira
Experience in troubleshooting CI/CD tools in a cloud environment
Hands-on experience in analysing logs and service performance metrics
Experience with agile methodologies and a rapid development cycle
Nice to have
Cloud certifications
Familiarity with open source licenses and/or being a contributor to open source projects
Personal skills
Willingness to take ownership and strive for the best solutions
Personal initiative, commitment and resilience
Proficiency in problem-solving and troubleshooting technical issues
Excellent prioritisation skills and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
Aspiration to DevOps principles and engineering excellence
Language skills
Proficiency in English
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone. 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!     
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.