Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
SoC and ASIC Design Process Automation Engineer (f/m/div.)
Dresden
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Dresden
Your tasks
As SoC and ASIC Engineer you will support the design team for daily issues related to the development flow of mixed-signal IC.
Furthermore, you will work closely with the developers of mixed-signal SoCs (System on Chip) and support them with transfer and integration of analog IPs/macros into the digital on top environment.
In addition, you will be responsible for gathering application specific requirements to the design environment and providing rapid solutions.
You support research and development (R&D) in topics and methodology of the project setup as well as in the setup of the simulation environment.
In addition, you act as an interface to R&D, EDA (electronic design automation) vendors and SoC design team.
Last but not least, you will be responsible for supporting release management with different version control systems.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (Master/Diploma/PhD) in electrical engineering, computer science or a comparable subject
Personality and Working Practice: enthusiastic, goal-oriented, structured, strong communicator, cooperative
Experience and Knowledge: strong programming skills in Python and Skill; Experience in design and verification languages (SystemVerilog, VHDL, Verilog-AMS); knowledge Linux (OS know how, shell scripting); understanding the mixed-signal tool chain; deep understanding of version control systems and data management
Languages: business fluent in written and spoken German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Ring 1, 01109 Dresden, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.