Jobs by email
ZEISS
Consultant Process Mining (w/m/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Develop a deep understanding of customer needs, use cases, and objectives to ensure that the solution is developed within the recommended toolset and discussed with the IT-Experts (CIT and ZDP) and Business process experts
Coordinate customer needs, collect, communicate and request feature requirements in the software with the Key Account responsible of the process mining software
Record, evaluate, prioritize and quantify customer needs within Celonis capabilities
Coordination of finding a solution for a clear task and planning in the team after evaluating
Ensuring sustainable implementation in terms of time, costs and quality
Build and maintain strong relationships with all key users, stakeholders and take care of stakeholder management
Act as a responsible correspondence for escalation of key user issues and drive the process of resolution
Ensure high customer satisfaction and retention
Act as an interface between the internal team and customers
Review and discuss work results with the team and support in improving work processes
Evangelize the capabilities of the process mining platform within the ZEISS Organization
Create user platform/community to present implemented process mining solutions for best practice sharing
Support reporting of progress in using the software for management needs
Collaborate in strategically expanding and scaling the CoE
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree, preferably Economic or business administration, or computer science, paired with a passion for data and processes
Creative thinking and strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Fluent English and advanced German language skills
At least 3+ years of professional experience in Process Analytics and Design, Transformations Processes, or Key User role
Absolute team worker
Strong and successful in project management and able to coordinate national and international project teams
Excellent communication skills and the ability in analyzing business needs together with various stakeholders
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Björn Fabian Scheben
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.