Jobs by email
Vaillant GmbH
Process Rollout Manager (m/f/d) Order-to-Cash
Remscheid
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
The Vaillant Group is a global market and technology leader in the fields of heating, ventilation and air-conditioning technology.
Join our team of 16,000 colleagues from more than 70 countries who work every day for a better climate – for people at home and the environment. We work on large-scale, innovative and strategic projects. With small, everyday gestures so that we can all play our part. Act global, work global. And become part of a global team. We sell our products in around 60 countries, using ten production and development sites in six European countries, as well as China.
Working for us makes you responsible for the future – your own, and that of our planet. We can offer you excellent conditions.
Process Rollout Manager (m/f/d) Order-to-Cash
Vaillant GmbH | Remscheid | Germany
WHAT YOU WILL DO
You are representing our Order-to-Cash work stream in the rollout activities of the Digital Process World Programme – the digital transformation programme that drives the implementation of a new CRM and ERP landscape
You will be part of the Group Sales business team, developing a strong knowledge of business processes, solutions and building strong relationships with key stakeholders 
Together with our regional experts, you are setting up the right local rollout organization and moderate initial scoping and pre-assessment workshops
You support the onboarding of implementation partners with regard to the functionalities of our new Sales ERP environment 
Together with an interdisciplinary team, you are design and participate in Fit/Gap-Sessions with your colleagues in the local sales organizations and relevant implementation partners
You are identifying process gaps in a first step as well as a smooth decision-making process by evaluating criticality and impact
During testing and cut-over phase, you make sure that our structured approach is followed and moderate any revision if needed
WHAT YOU BRING ALONG
You have a successfully completed university degree in economics, business information technology or similar
You have a profound professional experience in process consulting and harmonization, digital transformation in sales processes or similar tasks with focus on business processes
You are adept at using project management approaches and rollout / implementation environments as well as to develop concepts and methods for workshops and project facilitation
Experience in working with relevant ERP systems is necessary as well as working knowledge of SAP/S4HANA Sales and Distribution modules; an understanding of Forecast to Stock is a plus
Due to your business fluent English and your open and trustworthy personality, you communicate confidently on all levels
A general willingness to travel rounds off your profile
WHAT WE OFFER
We are part of the solution. Our highly efficient, environmentally friendly technologies save resources and reduce CO2 emissions in the long term 
We offer up to 70% remote work. In addition, our employees can work from a country in the European Union for up to 30 days a year 
We value teamwork and a good togetherness
CONTACT
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vaillant GmbH
Berghauser Straße 40, 42859 Remscheid, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.