Jobs by email
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
Environment Manager & IT Expert Cloud Infrastructure (f/m/x)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER00029EG
Tasks
Tech moves us, does it move you?
Mercedes-Benz Mobility at a Glance
With around 10,000 employees, Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG specializes in financial and mobility services. The products range from financing, leasing, vehicle subscriptions, rental and fleet management to digital services for charging and payments, as well as insurance and innovative mobility services.
Mercedes-Benz Mobility is a division of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, which also includes the vehicle manufacturer Mercedes-Benz AG, one of the largest suppliers of premium and luxury passenger cars and vans. As a financial services provider, Mercedes-Benz Mobility supports sales of the Mercedes-Benz Group's automotive brands worldwide. In Germany, Mercedes-Benz Bank AG, as part of Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG is one of the leading vehicle financing banks and offers around one million customers financial flexibility as well as deposit business and fixed-interest-rate accounts in the direct banking business.
Flexible mobility offers such as Mercedes-Benz Rent or EQ subscriptions, enable an uncomplicated and flexible entry into e-mobility, complementing the service portfolio. With its subsidiary Athlon, Mercedes-Benz Mobility is present in Europe in operational fleet management and vehicle leasing and is responsible for around 400,000 vehicles.
Mercedes-Benz Mobility lives diversity and inclusion
Diversity and inclusion are not only a concern of ours, we actively shape them. Employees from 100 different nations enrich our culture. Through numerous initiatives, we promote intercultural understanding, respect for one another, openness and willingness to change within the company, as well as non-profit organizations that are committed to this.
We are part of the organization that is responsible to plan, build and run the future European IT landscape ("OneHouse"). This consists of more than 30 systems, which we are responsible for integrating. This standardization lays the foundation for a seamless customer journey online and in retail when purchasing our leasing and financing products.
Our Team "Architecture & Infrastructure" is mainly responsible for the OneHouse-Architecture. One important part of our job is the integration of OneHouse. That is to make sure that all applications work together and the interfaces are well designed and implemented and use state of the art technologies. In addition we are responsible to ensure that integrated environments (e.g. test, production) of all applications are provided for all the countries in time. You will join a newly founded team with already 4 motivated colleagues and we are right now looking for 3 further members for our team.
You prefer working from home? Our flexible hybrid working model will enable you to do so!
As an Environment Manager & IT Expert Cloud Infrastructure for OneHouse you will create / ensure the provision of the needed infrastructure / environments for OneHouse. In order to achieve that you will:
Develop and coordinate with the product-owners of the applications about the strategy and provision of their applications into the different environments
Define – together with the systems – the right strategy and technology for infrastructure and delivery for all OneHouse environments. (We are moving – where possible – to Azure-cloud)
Support application owners where needed with the setup of the infrastructure in Azure or the move of the application to the cloud (terraform, helm, …)
Identify and solve technical problems during the setup. (We are not doing the day to day operations of the applications)
Align (or support the systems with the setup of) the CI/CD processes and technology where needed to ensure deployment quality
Do initial technical tests before handover of the environments
Since we are young team, we are right now organize our tasks and define our services. So you can and will take over other jobs in the team according to your know-how, capabilities and interests in the area of architecture or infrastructure/cloud
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
A Completed degree in computer science, information technology or related subject
Experience and have knowledge in cloud architectures and infrastructures (cloud, on prem) and the means to integrate between them
Experience in providing new hosting environments and the problems that can arise
Knowledge and practical experience of Infrastructure as Code (e.g. Terraform, Helm) is a plus
Professional experience in the definition and implementation of IT systems and modern multi-cloud architectures (e.g. AWS, Azure) and have knowledge of network protocols and IT security
Expierence about agile software development and project management
Knowledge in the field of DevOps, CI/CD and master the common tools (e.g. jenkins, github)
Structured approach to solve problems
Soft skills:
You are eager in familiarizing yourself with new tasks and technologies
Fluency in English
Enthusiasm for complex systems and interdisciplinary tasks
Analytical thinking ability and independent work
Ability to work in a team and problem-solving skills
Very good communication skills and political sensitivity
Open to change and constantly looking for improvement
Hands-on approach
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.