Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Domain Expert (m/w/x) – Devices and digital solutions
München,
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
As Data Domain Expert Solution & Devices, you will be a core member of the Data Enablement team to support the Data Strategy department of ZEISS MED in the deployment of a formal data governance.
We bring our passion and multidisciplinary experience to the mission of enabling our IoT, solution & devices ecosystem. We accomplish this by defining and deploying a formalized data governance within existing/future data domains dealing with device and (non-medical) digital solutions.
As part of our team, you will use your knowledge and skills on IoT, solution & devices technologies and data governance; to act as central point of contact throughout ZEISS MED to support business stakeholders.
Your role:
Enabling a strategic view and management of data, e.g., by developing a strategic roadmap to improve data quality jointly with business leaders, sales & service organizations and IT
Acting as central point of contact for business stakeholders, supporting them in definition and implementation of data-driven use cases
Support the buildup of and execution within a data governance organization around device & digital solutions (create & maintain data policies and central data standards, prepare alignment meetings, define KQIs for critical data assets, lead data improvement activities as part of use case implementation,...)
Promotion of data governance within the ZEISS group
Ihr Profil
Degree in business, data management / engineering or similar
3-5 years’ experience on data analytics & data management
Specific hands-on experience on data governance deployment (data management framework: e.g. DMBOK) within IoT, devices & digital solutions and data domain related topic  
Working experience with stakeholder management in larger organizations including data governance deployment (executives, business process management and IT-related functions)
Ideally in an international work environment
Fluent English language skills (written & spoken)
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Steffen Volk
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.