Jobs by email
Fresenius Kabi
Validation Expert - CSA (m/f/d)
Oberursel bei Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
We have a clear commitment: putting best-possible solutions in the hands of medical professionals, enabling them to find the right answer to the challenge they face. Fresenius Kabi is a driver of healthcare for the coming decade. We truly live diversity and value different backgrounds and motivations. Around the world, all of us are committed to our shared endeavor: caring for life.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
Fresenius Kabi is a global healthcare company that specializes in lifesaving medicines and technologies for infusion, transfusion and clinical nutrition. Our products and services are used to help care for critically and chronically ill patients.
The Validation Expert - CSA (m/f/d) is responsible for the definition of the validation strategy for projects of the department "Manufacturing IT & Digital Solutions" (MIT&DS) and for the selection and implementation of appropriate tools for the implementation of the strategy.
Your tasks include
Support and validation guidance in validation / CSA projects as validation team lead
Support in implementation of appropriate software tools to implement CSA in validation projects
Preparation of respective procedures and / or work instructions to support qualification and validation of computerized systems
Preparation of templates for use in qualification and validation projects
Auditing of software vendors
Review of GMP-compliant qualification and validation of corporate computerized systems as relevant and used by the MIT&DS department
Training of CSA and validation principles within MIT&DS
Assure that computer software validations are done properly
Escalation if CSA principles are disobeyed
Re-qualify software supplier to maintain the qualified status
Your profile
Academic degree (Master or comparable degree)
Profound experience in computerized system validation
Good knowledge of EU GMP Annex 11 and US FDA 21 part 11 as well as SOPs related to computer software validation
Good software knowledge (Service Now / Polarion / Offi ce) and basic knowledge of QM principles
Proactive working and prioritizing of tasks according to the requirements of the project
Critical, creative and problem-oriented thinking in validation projects
Teamplayer, appropriate soft skills as well as good leadership skills, high motivation, good in decision-making and reliable
Good presentation and problem-solving skills
Experienced in working in multi-cultural teams and changing projects
Excellent English language skills
Global travelling readiness
Your Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Fresenius Kabi
61440 Oberursel, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.