Jobs by email
Deutsche Lufthansa AG
Agile Coach (m/f/diverse)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Deutsche Lufthansa AG is a globally operating aviation group. In the financial year 2021, it generated annual revenue of EUR 16,811bn with an average of 105,290 employees. Deutsche Lufthansa AG is organized into the business segments Network Airlines, Point-to-Point Airlines, the Aviation Services segment with the business segments Logistics, MRO and Catering, and the other companies and Group functions.
Tasks
You live the agile mindset? Do you enjoy coaching and training others in agile ways of thinking and working? Then become part of our team of Agile and Innovation Coaches and contribute to making the Lufthansa Group more adaptable and customer-centric.
As an Agile Coach in our Digital Innovation team, you coach and train employees in agile ways of thinking and working and promote networking and collaboration within and outside the Group.
Coaching of colleagues in agile roles (Scrum Master/Product Owner)
Training of colleagues in agile approaches and scaled agile frameworks, e.g. SAFe
Consulting/support of the agile transformation at LH, esp. in the Lufthansa Group Digital Hangar
Being part of the Community of Practice Agile & Steering of the Digital Hangar to promote agile mindset, appropriate agile ways of working, evaluating their effectiveness, recruiting & conducting trainings
Establishing/ensuring the continuous improvement process of the agile transformation & the training/coaching concepts
Taking part in workshops to define strategic, tactical objectives (OKRs) & their follow-up
Participation in the Agile communities within/outside the Group for the development of good practices
Requirements
You are experienced in the agile environment and enjoy empowering people in agile ways of working. You are communicative, solution-oriented and a team player.
Completed studies in economics, IT or a related field
At least 5 years of relevant professional experience (e.g. Scrum Master, Release Train Engineer, Agile Coach) in agile setups
Very good knowledge of agile methods and their scaling (e.g. Scrum, Kanban, SAFe)
Experience in holding trainings/educations desired
Certification as Scrum Master and in SAFe advantageous
Very good communication skills and high solution orientation
Very good English skills
Affinity to digital products and the airline industry an advantage
Benefits
13. Salary / holiday allowance
Old-age provision / employee retirement
Profit sharing / LVV (bonus)
Free parking
Lufthansa shares
Flight privileges
Canteen (subsidized by employer)
Jobticket
Service phone
Support for relocation
Discounts / shopping
Hybrid working possible
Flexible working hours
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Deutsche Lufthansa AG
Airportring 1, 60546 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -