Jobs by email
Verivox GmbH
(Senior) Product Manager / Product Owner Value Added Services (m/f/d)
Heidelberg, Berlin, München, Leipzig
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
Become part of the Verivox Team!
Verivox is part of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and is one of the leading, independent online consumer portals in Germany. Since 1998 it is our mission to help consumers get the best deals for electricity, gas, DSL, mobile phones, finances, insurances, real estate, cars, motorbikes and travel. More than 8 million happy customers have compared prices, and then changed their provider - thereby saving more than EUR 1.6 billion. We are a fast-growing and profitable company and continuously strive to improve our services. Whether at any of our ten locations in Germany or in Switzerland: we are one team aiming to give our customers a better experience every day. A flat hierarchy and innovative and dynamic processes help us in achieving this aim - while still having fun being part of the team.
What you can expect
Become part of the Verivox team!
We are looking for you - fulltime (40h/week) with a mobile office option lasting several days per week at the earliest date possible - in our headquarters in Heidelberg, Berlin, Leipzig, or Munich:
(Senior) Product Manager / Product Owner Value Added Services
Your Mission
As part of the Value Added Services cluster, your main focus lies on the creation of products and services that generate an additional value across multiple products Verivox has in its portfolio.
Therefore, you are responsible for the continuous planning and execution throughout the life cycle of your product or service. This includes gathering and evaluating product and customer insights, and working closely with UX, development, marketing, and customer service to ensure revenue and customer satisfaction goals are met along the full user journey from acquisition to retention.
Together with the Product Lead, you shape the vision, strategy, and direction of your product and define, steer, and analyze the goals and operative metrics that drive success.
You capture a wide range of inputs and understand and prioritize this work by efficiently reconciling business goals, user needs and implementation efforts - with the aim to realize the most impactful measures first.
You work in a cross-functional team to identify and shape the business model of your existing and potential new products or services and to identify its biggest risks and opportunities.
You deeply know the problems that you're tackling through user research and regular interaction with customers and evaluate your ideas by applying diverse methods and tools in the fields of Lean Startup, Design Thinking etc.
You are responsible for the data-driven delivery and regularly groom your backlog in order to always have the most valuable order in your deliverables
You constantly apply a Build-Measure-Learn Circle to proof your solutions through quantitative and qualitative measures, both in betas and after full release.
Your essential experience and education
You have profound experience as an agile and lean Product Manager or Product Owner with a proven track record of shipping and quickly iterating impactful products.
You have deep experience working with both qualitative customer insights, and quantitative data to take informed decisions. You've conducted user research, a/b tests and have worked closely with design, researchers, and analysts. Therefore, you're comfortable using the right approach to navigate ambiguity.
You have a proven focus on both, customer-centricity, and impact-driven mindset.
You have excellent discovery, business, analytical, data, research and troubleshooting skills to make the right decisions that will ultimately lead to a successful product.
You are creative and striving for new innovative product ideas that make the difference.
You are an outstanding communicator across teams and hierarchies, comfortable with both writing and presenting to get alignment from a variety of stakeholders and to communicate product decisions and the rationale behind them.
You have a proven ability to build strong relationships within a cross-functional team and beyond.
You are structured, organized and results-oriented and able to balance and prioritize multiple projects while sticking to realistic goals and timelines.
You are fluent in English and have a proficient knowledge in German (level C1 or above).
What's in it for you?
More than 500 employees from over 30 nations as a collegial community with flat hierarchies
Our "New Normal": generous mobile office regulations enable you to work flexibly from home - already today, but also after Corona
Open, modern and friendly working environment with a startup feeling
Own area of responsibility with room to develop your own ideas and concepts
A relaxed and constantly evolving work environment where success is as important as regular team events
Informal working environment - no dress code
Exclusive employee benefits such as job ticket, job bike, lunch allowance, employee discounts and company pension scheme
Complimentary hot and cold drinks and fresh fruit
Centrally located with optimal transport connections
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €