Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
PhD Sensor-Driven Online HD-Map Construction for Automated Driving in Inner City
Renningen
Doctoral thesis/State doctorate
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
Today's autonomous driving systems rely on high-definition (HD) maps mainly for planning and control purposes. HD maps contain highly precise information about the road topology (e.g. lane borders, lane dividers or stop lines with global precision of few centimeters) and semantics (traffic rules, driving directions, lane change options).
This approach has some important drawbacks, as HD maps are not available everywhere, costly and hard to maintain and require precise global localization.
The goal of this PhD is to develop a purely sensor-driven approach for estimating a local HD map with focus on the road topology and semantics. For data generation and systematic evaluation purposes a fully equipped prototype vehicle is available that runs a full AD stack. With that the developed approaches will be evaluated online in real-world inner-city scenarios.
You develop novel machine learning approaches for sensor-driven map generation with a focus on Video, Radar and LiDAR.
Furthermore, you evaluate your algorithms on public benchmark data sets and internal real-world data sets - offline and online.
You contribute to the scientific community with publications on top machine learning, system and robotics conferences and journals (NIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR,  ICCV, IROS, TPAMI or IV).
Last but not least, you take responsibility and work in an agile and diverse research team with other PhD students and with a strong link to AD system research projects.
Your profile
Education: degree (Master/Diploma) in Computer Science, Robotics, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or comparable with excellent grades
Experience and Knowledge: profound knowledge of machine learning algorithms and principles, preferably deep learning and proven programming skills in Python and C++
Personality and Working Practice: open-minded team player who is goal-oriented and logical thinking
Languages: fluent in English written and spoken, German is a plus
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.