Jobs by email
E.ON Inhouse Consulting GmbH
Consultant (m/f/d)
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
E.ON Inhouse Consulting | Permanent
We are the trusted advisor to the top leadership of E.ON and we're on a mission to create the blueprint for the energy transition of Europe - and beyond.
For us energy transition is more than just a buzzword. It simply is one of the most pressing issues our generation has to solve. To that end, we put out our ideas to challenge the status quo and turn them into a new reality. We push boundaries and deliver the seemingly impossible. For a better society. Across our 1.6 million grid kilometers. And most of all for our 51 million customers. For us, that's 51 million opportunities to change something. And not just in theory, but for real.
We also happen to grow future leaders. People who share the same vision for the future. People with sharp minds who come up with new yet workable solutions. People who are tenacious and want to change things for the better. People who take pleasure in our open, diverse and feedback-oriented culture.
Sounds like you? Why wait. The time is now. LET'S CHANGE ENERGY. FOR REAL.
Your responsibilities
What you'll do:
Do you enjoy solving complex problems? As an ECON Consultant, demanding projects will familiarize you with the entire spectrum of the energy value chain - and you will be working on E.ON Group's top priority topics.
As a member of an international team, you will analyze and work on the issues facing the energy sector and which specifically apply to our company
You will work hand-in-hand with your colleagues to develop strategic and operational solutions for E.ON - along the whole value chain
You will take on responsibility for your own work packages and ensure all operating processes run smoothly
You will develop concrete recommendations for action, create presentations and communicate your recommendations to the senior management
Direct communication and cooperation with your customers round off a multifaceted assignment profile
What you'll need to succeed:
A master's degree in Economics, Engineering or Natural Sciences documents your outstanding academic performance
You have already gained initial hands-on experience in the consulting sector and/or energy industry
You are fluent in English and willing to learn German
Apart from getting a buzz from the energy sector, you have an affinity for numbers and a pronounced capacity for analytic thinking
Your independent and solution-oriented work style put you apart from the rest
You want to make a difference and have an entrepreneurial and innovative mindset
Your precise, structured communication skills let you win over your customers easily
What we offer:
Flexibility: A hybrid work model, flexible working hours, 30 vacation days plus additional leave days or sabbatical to ensure a good work-life balance
Workation: Up to 20 days within the European Economic Area
Personal development & training: Ongoing, independent learning, through a broad training and coaching program
Modern working environment: A workplace that meets digital and ergonomic standards, enhanced by creative and productive spaces and seating areas
Corporate benefits: Employee share program, company pension plan, employee discounts, special insurance policies and much more
Health and Vitality: Large selection of fresh food and beverages in our subsidized bistro and canteen, various health offers (e.g. physiotherapy, fitness center, flu vaccinations, mental healthcare)
Mobility Package: From a mobility budget, private car or bicycle leasing to subsidized job tickets
Central location: Very good public transport connections, free parking and charging stations for e-vehicles
Family service support: In all life situations through cooperation partners that provide child and vacation care, nursing assistance and everyday companionship
Your profile
Did we spark your interest?
Then please be so kind and upload your full application documents in English (degrees, diplomas and certificates in original language). For further information please contact our Recruiting Team via email (energize-your-career-econ@eon.com).
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
E.ON Inhouse Consulting GmbH
45131 Essen, Deutschland
Certificates