Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Director of Business IT-Organization eBike Systems (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
In the eBike Systems business unit, we develop innovative products and services that make eBiking even more fascinating - from highly efficient drive systems over the first series-produced ABS for pedelecs to smart connectivity solutions. For sustainable mobility that's fun.
As manager of the Business IT-Organization at Bosch eBike Systems you will be responsible for the divisional Enterprise IT, Digital Workplace and the Digital Excellence strategy and roadmap. In doing so, you will lead the Team in an agile, transparent and trusting way so it drives digital benefits for the business stakeholders.
You will be responsible for both global IT coordination and portfolio planning and orchestrating digital transformation, as well as developing and leading the rollout of the Digital Excellence Roadmap for eBike.
Also, you will support and influence RB initiatives and EBike representatives on key steering committees.
Furthermore, you will ensure the transition of the current SAP landscape and affected processes to a future S/4HANA environment that fits best to the business needs.  In this context, you will ensure the design, build and operation of eBike-specific enterprise IT applications.
In addition, you will take care of maintaining and coordinating an efficient IT Demand Management process for the Enterprise IT and Digital Workplace in order to achieve operational and financial goals.
Last but not least, you ensure IT security and policies according to the central RB guidelines and act as the first point of contact for the Corporate Business Digital organization and other central stakeholders
Your profile
Education: completed university degree (Masters/Diploma/PhD) in computer science or an equivalent subject
Experience and Knowledge: highly experienced in change management and motivation skills within international and multicultural teams; several years of professional experience in IT project management and as an IT manager with personnel responsibility in an industrial business environment; cross functional business process experience and quick perception of requirements; good knowledge in all IT areas like IT infrastructure, ERP, CRM, PDM/PLM, MS365, Analytics; working experience to manage IT budgets and negotiations with external service provider; Extensive experience in developing project definitions and plans, including business requirements, technical requirements, costs and benefits analysis, and implementation plans on-time and on-budget; Experience with a global manufacturing and supply chain businesses
Personality and Working Practice: You are a transformational leader, pro-active and analytical problem solver at the highest levels; you are a customer and user sensitive value provider; also, you are able to work independently with high energy and urgency; your strengths include tenacity, resourcefulness and flexibility; you are process and method oriented, self-organized and structured; you also have excellent communication skills and the ability to build effective relationships with internal and external business partners
Languages: business fluent in written and spoken German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Markwiesenstraße 58, 72770 Kusterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.