Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Simulation Software System Architect for Automotive Ethernet and 6G in the Advanced Network Communication (f/m/div)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
To shape the next generation of In Vehicle Networks (IVN), we work on underlying communication technologies like automotive ethernet, time sensitive networking, high-speed links and wireless technologies like 6G.
Join our interdisciplinary team of experts and work right at the border between research and application to integrate all these different technologies, revealing their potential towards future mobility solutions and connected vehicles.
As Simulation Software System Architect you gain a holistic view of future cellular communication system's features and their implications on E/E architectures. Hereby you identify use cases and collect requirements from an automotive perspective.
Your tasks also include the development of concepts for the integration of future sensor sets for autonomous driving and wireless technologies like 6G in modern E/E architectures.
Last but not least you are responsible for the model- and simulation-based evaluation of developed concepts. Moreover, you prepare contributions to next generation standards in consortia like IEEE and 3GPP and contribute to publicly funded research.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in electrical engineering, communications, computer science or similar
Experience and Knowledge: understanding of (automotive) network architectures and respective legacy technologies; profound knowledge in (wireless) communications (ideally 5G); knowledge of ethernet networks, time sensitive networking and software-defined networking; excellent background in Java development and respective tooling (Design Patters, SOLID Principles, Unit Testing, Git); knowledge in structured design and debugging of simulation software for communication systems; experience in embedded software development; coding skills in numeric simulation (MATLAB, Python, Java, C++) and in working with microcontrollers (C/C++, drivers)
Personality and Working Practice: excellent communication skills; collaborative, interdisciplinary (automotive, industrial, aeronautics,
telecommunications) and independent working style; fast learner; flexible; creative and open for new ideas
Languages: very good English and German skills both written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Mittlerer Pfad 9, 70499 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.