Jobs by email
speexx digital publishing AG
Customer Solution Architect (m/f/d) - German speaker
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
At Speexx, we are building the future of learning – Speexx is the digital coaching platform for language training, business coaching and skills assessment in large international organizations. We use groundbreaking AI and a global network of certified top coaches to help large organizations bring out the best in their people.
We strive every day to offer our employees a workplace environment that fosters inclusion and a sense of belonging, where everyone feels recognized, valued, and respected. And we are looking for curious and motivated individuals to join the team and grow with us. If this sounds like you – what are you waiting for? Apply now for the position of
Customer Solution Architect (m/f/d)
Members of the Customer Solutions team are the trusted solution advisors to prospects and clients, showing how the Speexx solutions address client business requirements. They are responsible for driving and managing the technology evaluation and during the late-stage sales process and customer onboarding. They focus on the technical solution while also understanding the business outcomes the customer is trying to achieve.
By applying solution selling and architecture experience from planning to monitoring, the Customer Solutions team supports and enables successful adoption of the Speexx platform. The team works collaboratively with Customer Success, Sales, Product Management, and Development.
What you will do at Speexx
Understanding end-to-end processes, as well as technical and business requirements from customers and provide solutions in a professional manner and to agreed timeframes
Create implementation and solution design documentation
Responsible for sustainable solution design, ensuring long-term project success and profitability
Feedback on issues with current products and provide input around new products
Sell implementation solutions to the customer with professionalism and enthusiasm
Support creation of internal training material for Sales and Customer Success.
Interface with the customer project team (KAM, CSM), articulating customer requirements, to ensure smooth transition from sales to delivery
What we look for
Substantial experience as a Solution Architect, Implementation Specialist or in a similar role
Excellent knowledge of IT, EdTech and HR
Excellent knowledge of EdTech, HRMS and LMS/LXP market and solutions
Strong interest in and understanding of needs/pain points of large organizations with regards to workflows and processes
Ability to assess revenue potential related to solution design
Experience with Dynamics 365 & MS Office
Good understanding of HRMS/LMS/LXP systems (SAP SuccessFactors, CSOD, Workday, etc.)
A good verbal and written command of German and English
What are the benefits of working at Speexx?
You will be working in a highly international and agile environment with amazing team members from offices and locations around the globe, including Munich, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Sao Paulo and Shanghai.
Flexible Working Hours: We don't believe that a rigid 9 am - 5 pm is the right path to a great work-life balance, so we give you the flexibility do your best work in a way that works for you and your team.
Hybrid Office Model: You can choose between 3 options: Working fully from our office in the Munich city centre (near Theresienwiese), from home or partially from home &the office. Your choice.
Mobility budget: Get a monthly, flexible budget for your commute and leisure time mobility.
Wellbeing initiatives: We care about our Speexxies: Grab a healthy snack in our office in Munich, stay active with our inhouse yoga session by Jeannette or choose from a huge variety of sporty activities from our partner Urban Sports Clubs.
Culture of Learning: Take a deep dive into our Speexx Academy, participate in our global Mentoring program, visit internal workshops or third-party training and last but not least enjoy our Speexx peer exchanges.
Award winning Language Training: There is nothing to add – maybe that this also goes for your friends and family, they get discount on our world class language training.
Interested? Just hit the apply button and we´ll take it from there.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
speexx digital publishing AG
80539 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Coaching
Home office
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.