Jobs by email
ZEISS
Scrum Master / Project Manager (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
As a Scrum Master for Carl Zeiss Microscopy ZEN software development you will be working in an international high-spirited team on exciting products like high end light microscopy applications for cutting edge biomedical research, or dynamic in-situ electron microscopy for battery research.
As part of our Scrum Master team you will support, mentor and coach cross-functional development teams on their agile journey promoting continuous improvement as well as participate and contribute with your ideas to our progress towards an agile organization. Additionally to your assignment as a scrum master you will have project management responsibility for the projects on which your teams are working. Teaming up with ambitious enthusiasts from multiple disciplines and background you will work on relevant life changing products in an innovation focused company driven by purpose.
For more insights please visit our site .
Ihr Profil
demonstrable qualification and several years professional experience as a scrum master in agile projects, ideally with a software focus,
experience with – ideally software - development projects and applied tools in “classical” and agile process environments,
experience with complex project environments: cross project dependencies, international multi-location cooperation, hardware dependencies,
focus on a collaborative team spirit and have a self-motivated, result-oriented, organized work style
a university degree in computer sciences, natural sciences, engineering, informatics or a comparable background is of advantage
very good communication and language skills in English. German knowledge, ideally at least B1, is of advantage
ZEISS is a scientifically, socially and environmentally engaged company. We offer a positive friendly diverse and modern work environment, attractive benefits, partial mobile work option and family friendly work time flexibility.
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Mrs. Riya Mukundan
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.