Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Scientist for the Development of Optical Surface Metrology (m/f/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
You develop and define measurement processes for interferometric metrology systems with the most challenging performance specifications
You simulate measurement and calibration procedures using theoretical methods, identify and oversee useful experimental approaches, analyze and evalute the obtained results
You develop and optimize algorithms for evaluation and calibration procedures, test them and introduce them into the production site
You analyze large complex data sets, create and perform consistency and plausibility checks, and derive the achieved measurement accuracy
You analyze deviations from the specified performance of the metrology systen, identify root causes, initiate and assess improvements
You manage projects in this technical field
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree (Ph.D. preferred) in a quantitative discipline such as computer science, physics, mathematics, engineering, or similar
Deep knowledge in programming languages, preferably Python or MATLAB
Profound knowledge in optics and optical metrology is welcome
Experience in the fields of data analysis, optimization algorithms, or image processing
Experience in designing data architectures and data flows
Experience in applying machine learning approaches is welcome
High self-motivation & strong team player
Strong communication, presentation, and project management skills
Language level at least B2 in German and English
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Liz Torres, Nico Gebhardt
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.