Jobs by email
Klinikum der Universität München
Scientific Data Manager (m/f/d)
München
Temporary contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Easy apply
Save
The Hospital of the University of Munich, Germany, is one of the largest and most competitive university hospitals in Germany and Europe. 49 specialized hospitals, departments and institutions harbouring excellent research and education provide patient care at the highest medical level with around 11.000 employees.
The Institut für Schlaganfall- und Demenzforschung on the Campus Großhadern invites applications for the ISD on the next possible date, in full time, for a
Scientific Data Manager (m/f/d)
Scope of duties
We are looking for an enthusiastic, diligent and collaborative Scientific Data Manager to support transdisciplinary research within the DFG-funded excellence cluster for Systems Neurology (SyNergy) and beyond by enabling seamless access to high-quality data.
Scope of duties
Assist a multi-disciplinary team of cluster scientists in obtaining, curating and distributing data, typically large-scale data sets (DNA-seq, single-cell RNA-seq, imaging etc.)
Work with the SyNergy technology hubs, research, IT teams and external collaborators on setting up and maintaining the SyNergy-wide data ecosystem
Define meta-data and ontology terms suited to the multi-disciplinary datasets
Communicate with computational hubs such as the Leibniz Rechenzentrum and IT experts in SyNergy labs
Help SyNergy researchers to make their data findable, accessible, and interchangeable
Contribute to developing and pioneering novel methods of visualization and dissemination of research output
Our requirements
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a relevant discipline, e.g. computer science, life science
Expertise in scripting and programming (especially Drupal and PHP)
Expertise in data management
Attention to detail, proactivity and capacity to understand needs and requirements of a multidisciplinary team
Verbal and written English language fluency
Experience with Cloud storage or HPC, version control and project management tools preferred
Prior experience with biological data is a plus
Basic knowledge of data protection laws
Our offer
The position advertised is embedded into the data management and bioinformatics team at the Institute for Stroke and Dementia Research (ISD). The position represents an unique opportunity to experience and contributes cutting-age research in a vibrant scientific community. Salary is according to TV-L (German standard) on a fixed-term contract (36 months) with a possibility of prolongation. In addition we offer further education and training, company pension scheme, childcare services, mobile work (if suitable), job ticket, discounts and staff accommodation.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Klinikum der Universität München
Marchioninistr. 15, 81377 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -