Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
IT Infrastructure Specialist (all genders) - Sofia
Sofia
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V562
Aufgaben
Your MissionWe are searching a motivated candidate for our new Hub in Sofia. As IT Infrastructure Specialist you will responsible for building the IT Infrastructure within MBition Sofia EOOD as well as establishing the IT processes. In addition to your main tasks, you will do the installation and upgrade components, setting up software, assisting with network administration as well as resolving all IT Support issues.
SNEAK PREVIEW OF YOUR FUTURE TASKS
 Responsibility for establishing IT processes within Sofia Hub in cooperation with MBition IT Infrastructure Team
  Develop infrastructure design and costing for business and IT initiatives, and provide subject matter expertise for strategy and standards development 
 Problem Management - responsible for managing the lifecycle of all problems, maintain information’s about problems and the appropriate workarounds and resolutions
  Lifecycle Management - responsible for managing the lifecycle of all the infrastructure software
Supporting the License and Asset Manager
Imaging devices (standard and non-standard devices)
 Incident Management and ownership of the Service Desk
Qualifikationen
YOUR PROFILE
 You have minimum of 3-5 years of experience in IT or database administration
 You have minimum of 3-5 years of experience as IT Support Engineer including different environments: Windows, macOS, Linux, Active Directory, Exchange/Office 365 as well as JIRA software
 Experience setting up and troubleshooting various technical equipment such as laptops, video conferencing and mobile devices
 Willingness to support on troubleshooting, ownership over finding problem resolutions
 Very good communication skills
ITIL certification would be a plus
 Knowledge of Mercedes-Benz IT corporate tools would be a plus
 Very good English and Bulgarian skills, German would be a plus
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
 A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
 An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
 Agile working methods and open feedback culture
Flexible working hours
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
We are proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having employees from all backgrounds and perspectives. We are and always will be an equal opportunity employer. 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
1784 Sofia, Bulgaria
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.