Jobs by email
The Mobility House GmbH
Senior Python Developer (m/f/d) - Grid Team
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About us
Shaping an emission-free energy and mobility future - that is the goal of The Mobility House. To this end, our technology links the automotive and energy sectors. We integrate vehicle batteries into the power grid through intelligent charging and energy solutions. The whole thing was born 11 years ago from a simple idea of our founder Thomas Raffeiner: What if you could use idle electric cars as mobile batteries? And thus make their potential available to the energy industry with its growing storage needs? Thus the idea for The Mobility House was born.
With over 200 employees, we are active worldwide from our locations in Zurich, Munich and Belmont (CA). We are constantly on the lookout for new faces who, like us, are enthusiastic about our vision. Do you want to be part of the future with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application.
What we offer you
The unique opportunity to interface stationary batteries and electric vehicle fleets with electricity markets and deliver electric power grid services
An open company culture that encourages everyone to participate to the fullest 
We invest in you and help you develop your skills 
We are a fun, down-to-earth and diverse group of people from all over the world
Flexible hours, work from home, 30 days paid vacation, up-to-date IT equipment
Great office space that encourages collaboration as well as BBQ parties on our roof terrace close to Ostbahnhof
Together with you, we have this one vision - to design a zero-emission future for energy and mobility 
More about us 
What you do
You are a driving force behind extending and adapting our stationary battery storage infrastructure towards a common flexibility pool across all our assets
You solve complex problems within our hybrid cloud computing and physically distributed system
You mentor junior and mid-level developers
You perform DevOps-related tasks
You contribute to the continuous improvement of our software development technologies, tools and processes to ensure highest quality in our products
You identify needs and build bridges across teams
You bring in best practices and fresh ideas
Last but certainly not least, have fun at what you do!
Who you are
You have a proven track record in the industry as a Senior Python developer
You are proficient with software development lifecycle methodologies
You have experience with AWS, the ELK stack, Docker, RESTful service, or similar technologies
You are an analytical mind with excellent problem-solving skills
You have great communication skills and can break down complex issues for different audiences
You love to work in a diverse and agile team with a mix of working from home and office presence
Our tech stack at a glance:
• AWS • bash • Docker • ELK • FastAPI • Javascript
 • Linux 3.11 for Workgroups™ • postgres 
• RabbitMQ • redis
Do you fit to us?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
The Mobility House GmbH
St.-Cajetan-Str., 81669 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Company mobile phone
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Terrace
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.