Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
IT Application Architect and Consultant Product Engineering (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
We develop and roll out the new application landscape of product engineering as part of the digital transformation of Robert Bosch.
You design the Configuration Management System on product-level, which integrates all engineering domains (System-, Software-, Hardware- and Mechanical-Engineering) according to the architectural principles and project goals.
You understand all interactions between components and you define limitations and requirements for the implementation.
You collaborate with the international development teams and software vendors to define proper solutions and methods for extending the application either via code or configurations.
You document and advocate the architecture in collaboration with customers, solution- and data-architects.
Your profile
Education: Completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in Computer Science or comparable subject
Personality: Reliable, self-motivated, team player and communicative
Working Practice: Analytical and structured
Experience: Several years of practical experience in application development and design for PDM (product data management), Configuration Management or Engineering-Solutions.
Knowledge: Good knowledge of capabilities and methods in engineering, profound knowledge in architecture design methods and frameworks (e.g. ToGAF), good understanding of the state of the art tools and technologies available in the market as well as relevant standards (e.g. OSLC)
Enthusiasm: Joy of working on complex topics in complex environments
Languages: Very good communication skills in written and spoken German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.