Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) for Hybrid Cloud Platform (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V705
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
At Hybrid Cloud Platform domain embedded systems meets cloud. We build great user experience bringing these two worlds together. 
As a Site Reliability Engineer in this domain you will be contributing to reliability of our customer facing end to end use cases. You will be involved in the whole process of writing code, testing and production deployments to monitoring and debugging to ensure resiliency and reliability. You will be responsible for the delivery of key DevOps concepts including but not limited to: reliability engineering, continuous delivery, release engineering, container orchestration, tool and technology management, cloud management, as well as other key areas. 
Sneak preview of your future tasks
Manage and improve whole life cycle of backend services.
Maintain production service by introducing monitoring tools, KPIs for availability, latency and system health.
Introduce different key SRE concepts and raise awareness in development teams 
Build services, tooling and create processes that simplyfies and enable engineers across multiple teams.
Create test concepts for microservices in cloud architecture.
Suggesting architecture improvement and recommending process improvements.
Write postmortems of incidents and share knowledge throughout the team.
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education:
Degree in computer science, information technology, system engineering, communication technology, or a comparable qualification.
Experience:
Experience around containerization technolgy Docker, Kubernetes and so on.
Experience in coding one or more languages Java, Kotlin, Go, Python.
Solid working experience with Unix operating systems.
Experience in development of distributed/scalable systems and high-volume transaction applications.
Solid cloud-experience (Azure, AWS).
Solid incident handling experience.
Experience with agile methodologies and a rapid development cycle.
Familiarity with simple concepts of Linux server networks.
Experience with in-vehicle infotainment systems.
Familiarity with ASPICE.
 Personal Skills:
Systematic problem-solving approach.
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills.
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Personal initiative, commitment, and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
 Language Skills:
Proficiency in English; German proficiency is a plus
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.  
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.