Jobs by email
BMW Group
DevOps Cloud Architect Remote & Messaging Services (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services. Our team consists of around 126,000 creative minds worldwide, all of whom have one thing in common: passion! To continue our pioneering mission, we are always on the lookout for visionaries and lateral thinkers who want to share their passion with us and tackle the technological challenges of our times.
Our IT-Operations team in München is currently seeking a
DevOps Cloud Architect Remote & Messaging Services (f/m/x)
Tasks
A SMOOTH-RUNNING SYSTEM NEEDS A SMOOTH-RUNNING TEAM.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
Networks are about more than just IT. They are about connecting people who make things possible. Close teamwork is key to understanding how IT can help integrate processes into systems. We put this insight into practice, and it's part of our success.
IoT technology (MQTT, HTTP) and highly scalable and performant middleware based on reactive design are connecting our global vehicle fleet with the cloud, on-premise data centers and 3rd party products and are the base for a multitude of digital services like autonomous driving, eMobility and entertainment.
What awaits you?
You will contribute to the design, implementation, rollout and operation of solutions for the vehicle data connectivity based on a modern technology stack in the cloud.
You will take over responsibility for the reliability and performance of these solutions by designing highly scalable solutions for more than 5 billion service requests per day, using automation technology (infrastructure as code) for all infrastructure provisioning and software deployments.
You will be responsible for continuously improving the used cloud technology stack, delivering comprehensive monitoring solutions and consequently analyzing defects.
As member of an agile team you will contribute to the requirements analysis, the specification of Epics and User Stories, the defect and test management, the incident and problem management and the definition of the product vision.
Moreover, you will find yourself in a collaborative, international, and innovative environment that is guided by agile software development principles and ceremonies, i.e. you will take part in product increment and sprint plannings, sprint reviews, daily standups, weekly groomings etc.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in Computer Science or a related field of study.
At least 3 years of experience in software development (Java) in agile working models (Scrum, Kanban) and IT operation processes (ITIL, PIC) in a DevOps working model.
Advanced skills in the area of distributed and connected systems, TCP/IP, IPv6, networking layer 3 - 7, DNS, routing, HTTP and MQTT protocols, firewalls, virtualization, software defined networks, Linux, ideally hands-on experience with Citrix ADC NetScaler or F5 BigIP, WireShark or similar analysis tools.
Professional experience with cloud technologies (AWS), Infrastructure as code (Terraform, Ansible, or similar), Docker, container orchestration, CI/CD and monitoring and tracing tools (Grafana, Prometheus, CloudWatch, etc.).
Proven experience in the design and architecture of IoT systems.
Fluent business English and good German language skills.
You have the talent to quickly grasp and structure complex issues? Apply Now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Contact:
Hatice Yildirim
BMW Group Recruiting Team
+49 89 382-17001
Job Reference: 60657
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.