Jobs by email
Flaconi GmbH
Team Lead ERP Development / Business Central (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
flaconi is one of Germany’s leading online beauty retailers. Our online shop’s portfolio offers more than 850 international brands and 55.000 products in the categories of perfume, skin care, make-up, hair care, natural cosmetics and accessories, covering from drugstore to organic to premium products.
flaconi was founded in 2011 and has a team of over 700 employees working from three locations: Our HQ in Berlin-Charlottenburg, our logistics center in Halle and our concept store in Berlin-Mitte. We are also represented in Austria and Poland.
What you can expect
Our ERP-Team plays a key role in our success by ensuring an efficient and automated order-to-deliver and purchase-to-invoice process. We constantly strive to improve these processes for a variety of internal stakeholders, customers and suppliers. As a Team Lead, you drive your team of 6 Engineers forward and passionately support them in solving process challenges with state-of-the-art technology and building a long-lasting and scalable solution. Your focus will be on Business Central, but you will be responsible for the overall Enterprise Apps Engineering space.
What you can expect in this role
You grow and manage a team of 6 Business Central Engineers with focus on our transactional and finance processes as well as a custom development service team
You shape the Enterprise Apps architecture together with the Tech Leads in your teams, support the engineers to shape their individual careers and grow the team to become self-organized, agile and autonomous
You will work close together with the product team and support to define the strategic direction and vision of the team that contributes to delivering a seamless shopping experience for our customers
Furthermore, you establish the right engineering practices with the team (e.g. TDD, CI/CD, Agile Methodologies, etc.), to improve quality and time-to-market and improve our lean and agile engineering practices, processes and productivity by advocating our values and leadership principles
You are part of our Enterprise Apps Leadership-Team, where you work closely with the CTO to implement our technical vision
In addition, you attract, involve and retain a team of various talents and contribute to the growth of our brand by representing us at meetups, conferences and technical discussions
Your essential experience and education
Several years of experience in leading teams in an engineering space
A leadership style that creates a trustful work environment, gives orientation and empowers people
Previous experience as a Business Central Engineer with proven experience in developing with Navision/Business Central
Ability & passion to drive new tech topics outside of Business Central
First experience with AWS is desirable as well as experience in working in the e-commerce environment
Excellent communication and presentation skills as well as stakeholder management experience
Business fluent English skills are required, German skills are a plus
What's in it for you?
Full transparency: For this role, we have a salary band between 74000€ and 110000€ gross per year. The salary that we will offer you will always be within this span and is based on the skills that you show during the recruitment process
Our employees matter to us: We offer you a permanent contract, a BVG ticket and relocation support for international applicants moving to Germany
Work-life balance: 29 Vacation days, flexible working hours, up to three days of homeoffice a week and the possibility of a paid sabbatical
flaconi Academy: Actively shape your own career path by taking advantage of our internal and external training opportunities
We care about your well being: We want to support you also during the difficult times. For this, we offer you and your close relatives counseling sessions with mental health professionals
flaconi Fitness: A wide range of sports options & discounts on memberships
Family first: Our "emergency-daycare" is there for you in out-of-the-ordinary situations to look after your child on site at our office
Thinking about tomorrow together: flaconi subsidizes your savings contribution to the company pension scheme with an additional 20%
A comfortable working space with everything you need: HIgh end technical equipment, fruits and drinks, no dress code and dogs are welcome in our office!
Other perks: Great discounts in our online shop as well with our partner companies, cool team events & company parties!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Flaconi GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.