Jobs by email
Mercedes Pay GmbH
Product Owner Payments (f/m/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002DCX
Tasks
WHAT WE DO
Pay directly from the car: Mercedes pay supports, among other things, in-car payments as well as payment processing via app and in the web shop.
We want customers’ contact with Mercedes pay and the payment transactions on the global platform to be as seamless as possible. We are also developing exciting new payment products and solutions to provide customers with an even better user and payment experience.
WHO WE ARE
Mercedes pay GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG. Mercedes pay plays a fundamental part in the mobility and digitalisation strategy of Mercedes-Benz Group AG. We operate the central payment processing platform and act as the competence centre for payments at Mercedes-Benz.
Mercedes pay launched in its first market in September 2018. We are now active in more than 40 countries on five continents, processing transactions for Mercedes-Benz products and services. Depending on the market, Mercedes pay may process transactions from Mercedes me connect store, the Mercedes me app, in-car payments or even supporting online vehicle sales.
WHAT YOU WILL DO:
You will contribute to Mercedes pay’s vision, strategy and objectives
You will promote the development of the payment product in terms of usability, quality and functionality
You will align the business requirements with the stakeholders and translate them into epics and user stories, including API specifications
You will steer our external provider, interact with the delivery team and discuss the impact of architectural changes
You will actively participate in sprint planning and delivery following the Scrum approach
You collaborate with a global cross-functional team to develop, market and launch our payment product globally
Together with your fellow product owners you will shape Mercedes pay’s product portfolio and ensure the system landscape is well aligned
Qualifications
WHAT WE EXPECT
You have successfully completed your studies in the field of business adiminstration, IT or have completed an equivalent course of study. Alternatively, you have 3 years plus experience working in that area
You are passionate about the concept of innovative payment solutions
You gained several years of professional experience as product manager/ product owner, ideally in the payment industry
You are familiar with payment solutions and technical payment service provider integrations
You are able to discuss business and technical requirements with software delivery teams and are able to asses and challenge their solutions and concepts
You have the ability to develop a 360° view of a product from a customer, business, market, legal and technical perspective
You have fluent business English skills (spoken and written). German skills are appreciated, but not necessarily required
You enjoy working in a team, showing initiative and introducing new ideas
WHAT WE OFFER
Modern and dynamic work environment
Flexible and mobile working
Attractive fitness offer
Numerous employee discounts
Excellent infrastructure
This is a full-time job (also suitable for part-time). We particularly welcome applications from disabled persons. Please apply online via www.group.mercedes-benz.com/car eers (ID: MER0002DCX). F or questions, please don’t hesitate to contact the HR Team of Mercedes pay GmbH: career_mercedespay@mercedes-benz.com.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes Pay GmbH
70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland