Jobs by email
Chromasens GmbH
Senior Developer Embedded Systems & FPGA (m/w/d)
Be an early applicant
Konstanz
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Chromasens GmbH, based in Konstanz at the beautiful Lake Constance, develops and produces image capturing systems, illuminations and line scan cameras for industrial image processing. Since 2004 Chromasens stands for innovative color line scan cameras, line illumination technologies and specific software for numerous machine vision applications. Since 2017, Chromasens GmbH is a part of the TKH Group, which with its members is a technology leader providing smart solutions to the industrial market.
Within our team you define architectures of hardware platforms using the latest SoC (System on Chip) and FPGA systems. As part of our dynamic embedded team, you will develop Hardware and FPGA logic for our high-end
camera systems.
Your tasks:
Architecture design and development of new hardware platforms
Circuit design for FPGA / SoC boards
Development and implementation of image sensor control and interface technologies on FPGA / SoC
Development of image processing algorithms
Interfacing function between team members of Hardware and VHDL/FPGA development
Your profile:
Professional experience in the development of embedded systems and FPGA based systems
Profound experience in programming with VHDL / Verilog / C / C++/ HLS with Xilinx VIVADO or Intel Quartus
Experience with the design tools Altium or Siemens Mentor Graphics are of advantage
Completed studies in the field of embedded systems, communications engineering, electrical engineering,
information technology or similar
Good English and German language skills
Enthusiasm of working in a diverse multidisciplinary team
Living – or willing to move to the great region of the Lake Constance
We offer:
Company pension scheme
Flexible working hours / home office
Catering allowance for canteen at the site
JobBike
Good access to public transport
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Chromasens GmbH
Max-Stromeyer-Str. 116, 78467 Konstanz, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -