Jobs by email
Fresenius Kabi
Manager Risk Intelligence & Data Analytics (m/f/d)
Bad Homburg vor der Höhe bei Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
We have a clear commitment: putting best-possible solutions in the hands of medical professionals, enabling them to find the right answer to the challenge they face. Fresenius Kabi is a driver of healthcare for the coming decade. We truly live diversity and value different backgrounds and motivations. Around the world, all of us are committed to our shared endeavor: caring for life.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
Fresenius Kabi is a global healthcare company that specializes in lifesaving medicines and technologies for infusion, transfusion and clinical nutrition. Our products and services are used to help care for critically and chronically ill patients.
An effective Risk Management (RM) and Internal Control System (ICS) helps to achieve several important goals for the organization: Risks to the company are recognized in a timely manner and mitigated appropriately. It facilitates compliance with laws, regulations and internal guidelines, supports transparency in decision-making, aids in error-avoidance, limits deviations, and provides assurance that processes operate as intended.
As the Manager Risk Intelligence & Data Analytics you will embrace business data and digital enablement through better tools and insights. You will be a part of the Risk Management & ICS team, which has in-depth knowledge, provides the appropriate methodology and works closely with the organization to implement a standardized and harmonized Risk Management and Internal Control System globally.
Your assignments
You are the central cross-functional contact person in the Risk Management and ICS area when it comes to the provision and analysis of SAP ERP related business data for the preparation and testing of the ICS
Using the output of process mining tools, you support the development of control conformance KPIs and validate the results
After the identification of emerging internal and external risks, you support the holistic data-based risk analysis by linking different data sources and pointing out relevant interrelationships and correlations
You assist local entities globally in cleanup and mitigation of Segregation of Duties conflicts by providing user authorization analysis and conflict violation reports
By continuously developing the stochastic risk aggregation model and adapting it to changes in methodology, you actively create transparency about Fresenius Kabi's overall risk situation
Your profile
University degree in Business Administration, Industrial Engineering, (Business) Informatics comparable studies
Min. 2 years of relevant working experience
Analytical thinking skills combined with enjoyment of working with data and cross-cutting data linkages
Experience in at least one SAP module and the underlying data tables with their relationships
Sound knowledge of business processes and authorization concepts
Hands-on-experience in data extraction, analysis, visualization
First experience in data analytics via SAP BW and Celonis
Very high level of proficiency in English, both written and spoken
Your Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Fresenius Kabi
Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.