                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceIT Trainee 
                                Define your career today.
                                Explore opportunities now.
                                Primary job category
                            IT Specialist, Software Solutions Management, Software Development & Support
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Banská Bystrica, Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time, part-time
                                Salary (gross)
1 400 EUR/month
IT Trainee
        Have you not graduated yet? Get to know our Internships! Apply for IT Trainee position and start you career here! Your future can be made with IBM!  
You can work in Bratislava or Kosice.
Your Role and Responsibilities :
What can we offer?
You’ll begin your career learning the basics of IBM, working alongside experienced experts on client engagements.
Our aim is to help you move as quickly as possible. Your experience duration will be up to 6 months with subsequent chance to convert into regular job.
Once you have mastered the basics, you’ll develop skills in other IBM process such as IT solution delivery & design, project management and methodology, while working with big-name clients where IBM have a significant presence.
You will have the opportunity to:
- Become part of our diverse and multinational community and collaborate within global and local teams
- Work on real world-class IT projects for leading companies
- Gain knowledge and develop skills through on-the-job training
- Balance your work with your study and enjoy flexible working
What do you need for your success?
- Bachelor’s or expected Master degree (Mathematics, Computer science, Information Technology, Engineering) (the Trainee program is aimed for students of 1st and 2nd year of Master's degree)
- Attitude and interest in an IT Engineer/ Specialist / Consultant career
- Adaptability, Communication, Creative, Problem Solving, Taking - Ownership, Teamwork and Collaboration
- Ability to make decisions, take on responsibilities and have the ability to adapt, change and re-prioritize your plans in a dynamic and fast paced environment
- English is a must
- Communicative German is a huge advantage
Additional information
            IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
SK |
                            EN
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4063133 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.2.2023 
    2023-02-17
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: IT Consultant, IT Tester, IT/Technical Support Specialist, Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 400 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
