                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceAI Data Engineer / Creator  Можливість для людей з України
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
Pozícia
AI Data Engineer / Creator
Späť na pozície
                                Place of work
                            Tomášikova 12735, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract
                            full-time, trade licence
                                Salary
From 2 500 EUR/month
A specific job offer will be depending on the offered job level, your professional and technical skills and knowledge, education and work experience.
                                Team
                            R&D
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAs well as this role is mostly Research & Development of artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions it also involves development of advanced imaging and image generation algorithms such as GAN. The ability to analyze the imaging system in detail for the selection/development of appropriate algorithms will be highly valued.Responsibilities	Analysing selected scientific papers / OS solutions	PoC-ing of selected ML algorithms / NNs to target problem	Training/Tuning of selected ML/NN solver for target problem	Optimisation of NNs (compression, pruning, floating point precision)	Evaluation of accuracy / size / speed	ML workflows automatization	Image data creation using various generative models	2D / 3D image data generation	Advanced image data augmentation techniques (noise, blur, blending, etc.)	PoC-ing of related solutions Employee perks, benefits	Working at a unique Slovak company, a global leader in biometric software solutions	Interesting work with state-of-art technologies & the opportunity to influence the final solution both technically and functionally	Individual approach to personal development, internal education, English courses, external courses paid by company	13th / 14th salaries (based on successfully reached product and company goals)	Loyalty bonus – additional day of paid leave for every year you will work with us (up to 5 days)	Referral bonus – motivational financial reward if we hire a new employee based on your referral	Sick days	Hybrid working model (more than 40% of Home Office)	Flexible working hours	Possibility to take full two weeks of remote work twice a year	Possibility to choose from different type of contracts	Multiple regular company team-buildings and spontaneous team events a year	MultiSport card	Foosball, table tennis & darts available in our playroom	Fresh fruits, snack bar, monthly company breakfast Information about the selection process- Hello and thank you for choosing to apply for a job at Innovatrics. We are happy that you are interested in us!After receiving your CV, we will closely review your application and see if you're the right fit for us. If so, we will reach out to learn more about you.We wish you good luck in our hiring process!Prior to sending your response to the present job offer, please read the Personal Data Processing Information. You are sending your data to Innovatrics, s.r.o., Pri vinohradoch 82, 831 06 Bratislava, Company ID: 36 280 712 which will process your personal data at your request as referred to in Article 6 (1) (b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for the purposes of performing and assessing a particular selection procedure and pursuant to Act no. 18/2018 Z.z. on the personal data protection. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgePython - AdvancedC++ - Skillful Advertiser Brief description of the companyInnovatrics is a Slovak company and a global leader in SW biometric technology and solutions for identity management. With our innovative and award-winning algorithms for fingerprint matching and facial recognition, we empower all types of organizations around the world to build powerful biometric identification solutions quickly and easily. Innovatrics has won awards IT company of the year 2015, IT product of the year 2016 and Diamond of Slovak business in 2017. Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Ján FedorTel.: +421907661451E-mail: send CV
Zaujala vás táto pozícia?
Pošlite nám svoje CV. Hľadáme tých najlepších z najlepších.
ID: 4522488 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.2.2023 
    2023-02-17
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Innovatrics, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
