                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie prácePython developer 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
Python developerlocalhost s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 200 - 3 100 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties Build infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of from a wide variety of data sources Design, develop, and maintain performant and scalable applications Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability Create databases and infrastructure to processing data at scale Automate code testing and pipelines Employee perks, benefits• very competitive salary• not that good coffee (if you have tips for a decent one, contact us!)• great nerdy group of people to work with• various usual and unusual perks :) Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Educational SpecializationComputer Science, Computer Engineering or Engineering related fieldsLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Experience in the position/sectorsoftware development experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, JaNumber of years of experience3Personality requirements and skills Understanding of data structures, algorithms, profiling & optimization. Understanding of SQL, ETL design, and data modeling techniques Experience in approved enterprise data platform or qualified to be trained on the approved enterprise data platformDesired Skills: Experience managing continuous integrations systems (Jenkins, etc.). Strong background working with revision control systems (Git, etc.). Experience with automated build automation tools (Maven, etc.). Advanced level of experience with object oriented programming, data structures and algorithms. Working knowledge of Agile Software development methodology. Knowledge of enterprise data sources and uses A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets. Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc. Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres, Dynamodb, Mongodb and Cassandra. Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc. Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, Kinesis. Experience with API managers: Apigee, Azure, Catana, etc Advertiser Brief description of the company“Think globally, act locally."​
We at Localhost are passionate group of tech enthusiasts, with strong  software development history and expertise, agile mindset, and DevOps  culture. Established in Kosice, Slovakia, we've evolved and grown in 10 years of time, to now be capable of serving the best global brands of the world.
With more than 50 engineers, customer focus, continuous improvement, and growth attitude, we are proud to be the partner to  several domestic and world-wide customers. 
See more: https://localhost.company/ Number of employees25-49 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Eva ČerveňákTel.: +421905060022E-mail: send CV
All company jobs
ID: 4517970 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  10.2.2023 
    2023-02-10
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Java Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: localhost s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 200 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
