                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceMedior JAVA developer  Можливість для людей з України
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukyMedior JAVA developerVisma Labs s.r.o.
Place of work
Štúrova 27, Old Town, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 400 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesNordeca provides a SaaS platform for location-based intelligence to customers in the commercial and residential real estate market, as well as mission critical map data deliveries. We have international team connecting Norway, Romania and Slovakia. 
In this position you will:
- mostly work in the Backend part (using Java 8, 11) of our platform
- be part of an Agile team and actively take part in developing the product
- develop and maintain application software working with established processes
- collaborate with the development team conducting code reviews and providing improvement suggestions
- Cooperate efficiently in an international environment with a team of strong professionals
Job requirements:
- 1-5 years of Web Application Development experience using Java 
Product tech stack:
Java 8 / 11, Spring Boot, JDBC, ActiveMQ,
PostgeSQL (PostGIS), Mockito, Swagger
OAuth 2.0, Integrations with Third-Parties
Version control - Bitbucket
Dependency management - Maven
Clean code, SOLID, Amazon CodeGuru Reviewer
AWS stack with dedicated Infrastructure team
Slack, Confluence, Jira, Google Meet, Scrum
Salary offer starting from 2 400 EUR. It is based on your experience and knowledge.
Does that sounds like something you can handle ? Let us know! We will be glad to invite you for a coffee/beer and talk about Visma, our life in Visma and what can be your mission here. Employee perks, benefits- Even though we offer work from home for an unlimited amount of days it is more of a standard in Visma than a benefit :)
- Modern spacious a class office close to the city center
- Lunch vouchers in the amount of 5,50 eur/working day with 100% employers coverage
- 3 sick days per year and 3 extra days of vacation
- Social events, parties, brunches, and what we call Code and Coffee sessions on a regular basis
At Visma, we have friendly and supportive company culture and we will do our best to make you feel welcome. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationITLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeJava - SkillfulNumber of years of experience2 Advertiser Brief description of the companyVisma has a strong presence in the Nordic, Baltic and Dutch segment where we have achieved good segment positions, high brand awareness and operational efficiencies. Visma’s ambition is to be a national and regional leader in the markets we operate. Visma has 800,000 customers, 8000 employees, and EUR 1,460 M in revenue. SaaS and cloud computing continue to be the main growth driver. Visma has offices in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, UK, Ireland, Romania, Poland, and Spain. We've been in the market for the last 20 years being able to change, transform and improve how people interact with different software products for B2B needs. Automation and efficiency allow for small businesses and complex enterprises to work smarter and strengthen their competitiveness.
Investments in product development and innovation are key success factors for Visma. Total
investment in R&D reached NOK 1.4bn in 2017. The Visma Group consists of over 3000 developers, who have a continued strong focus on exciting new technology such as algorithms, optimization, machine learning, and AI. Visma is now Europe’s largest center of excellence for developing cloud software. Software that now services millions of end-users within Financial Management Systems, Procurement, FinTech, Schools, Welfare, Retail, and Payroll. During the decade from 2010 to 2020 Visma will recreate all its Windows solutions as cloud solutions. About two-thirds of R&D investments are related to Cloud/SaaS projects.
Visma Labs is NOW looking for over 200 multi-skilled and driven professionals with a strong vision to build services into the cloud and focus on continuous company's growth. Visma will allow employees to be passionate, creative and proactive in their work. For personal growth, the employees will get the opportunity to be part of international and local competence groups, take training to learn new technologies or agile work methods, get certifications and participate in conferences.
If you're ready to drive fast and be part of the new adventure, you're the one we're looking for!
Visma Labs in Kosice, Slovakia is looking for a new talent like you! Number of employees100-149 employees 
ID: 4512842 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  2.2.2023 
    2023-02-02
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Java Programmer   Spoločnosť: Visma Labs s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 400 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
