                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceStudent Part-time Machine Learning (all genders) #work&study #machinelearning #python #java 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
           We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle.
Student Part-time Machine Learning (all genders) #work&study #machinelearning #python #java
Location: Košice
Working-Hours: Part-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            With top notch technology, we drive the realization offers the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times, and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region.We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.We are Erste Digital. We are #digitaltotheheart 
We are looking for students to support our agile teams in the area of machine learning. Get in touch with a wide range of technologies, from cutting edge to mainstream. You will have the opportunity to learn from our experienced team members and can also bring in your own new ideas that will help us to grow and improve.
You check these boxes:
Enrolled student with on-going program at University 
First experience with Python or Java and known ML algorithms
Passion for teamwork and continuous learning
Fluent English
Curious and empathetic, treating all people with respect
Immediate start for an internship with the duration of 12 months with the potential for further extension 
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste.
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom.
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic.
Learning & Development – We are firmly convinced that every day is an opportunity for learning. Improve your know-how in workshops, seminars and through e-learning – from professional training to soft skills.
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and company time.
We offer you a part-time internship position (20h/week). An internship salary starting up from 7€/h, depending on your skill and previous work experience is offered.
The way we are
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin. 
It seems we have your interest. If you think you are a good fit for this position, please get in touch with us, we’d love to catch up.
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4513437 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.2.2023 
    2023-02-03
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 7 EUR/hour
                Všetky ponuky
