                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Java Software Engineer for George (all genders) 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
            We don’t wait for the future to happen, we create it. We are ahead, we are fast. We are digital to the heart.
Senior Java Software Engineer for George (all genders)
Location: Bratislava
Working-Hours: Full-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            For more than 6 million customers across Europe, George stands for a digital banking experience that combines design and technology on an open platform. At Erste Digital, we strive for everyone. We achieve this by empowering people to understand, manage and, last but not least, enjoy one of their most personal things: their money. Join us in our agile environment and make banking simple, intelligent and personal again!Join us in our agile environment and make banking simple, intelligent and personal again!
Above all else, you are a believer in the craft of Software Engineering and your ability to push the boundaries of what is possible to achieve with code. You’ll collaborate closely with colleagues from the ideation of features through the conceptual and planning phases and bring innovative and high-performing solutions to life. Our team is responsible for delivering the data from the banks into the George ecosystem, handling millions of messages per day. You will take these details in your stride and make George shine for the user.
What you’ll bring with you
5+ years of experience in Java-based programming.
A good grip of Design Patterns and multithreaded processing
Nice to have: experience with Kafka and other messaging systems, experience with Cassandra or other distributed NoSQL databases.
A love for code quality and testing
A pro-active and independent working style
We like you because
You iterate fast, without compromising quality, while taking care of detail
Clean code is your mantra as you look to improve what is existing
Respectfully challenging your colleagues, and being challenged in return is welcomed by you
You are passionate about learning, and want to help others learn too
You can stand heat, noise and criticism without losing your smile
You have values and opinions and can articulate them in fluent English
Why you will like us
We’re a team of experienced developers who love to exchange ideas and push the boundaries
We provide a relaxed, professional environment and all the hardware & software you need to work efficiently (e.g. MacBook Pro, mobile device, licenses...)
We're open minded, and always keen to stand up and go the extra mile for the correct solution
We care for your personal well-being and career development while actively supporting your educational needs
We encourage regular conference visits and multiple chances to shine with George
New Work is not just another buzz word to us. We proactively adapt to the ever-changing work environment of today
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 3200 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations
Erste Digital considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin
The way we are
As an employee of Erste Digital, the success of our people is more than a motto, it’s our manifest. We nurture a work environment where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success – we live diversity!
If you’ve got this far
It seems we have your interest. If you think you are a good fit for this position, please get in touch with us, we’d love to catch up.
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4512401 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  2.2.2023 
    2023-02-02
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 200 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
