ITPeople.hu
 Facebook
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Állások
Álláskereső belépés
Munkáltató belépés
Álláshirdetés feladása
Blog
Kapcsolat
 itpeople facebook
itpeople
 Facebook
Álláshirdetés feladása
Belépés/Regisztráció
Munkáltató
Álláskereső
Állások
Projektmunkák
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Közösség
Kapcsolat
Java Software Engineer (in Platform Engineering) állás Budapest
Mysql
Docker
Java
GCP
Linux
SQL
AWS
remote
Szoftverfejlesztő állások 
Tisztelt álláskereső!Ez az álláshirdetés lejárt.Azonban oldalunk több ezer egyéb álláshirdetéssel rendelkezik! Találja meg az önnek megfelelő munkát erre a linkre kattintva!
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentOur Client is a leader in one of the fastest and biggest sectors of entertainment - mobile games. Their goal is to improve and change the mobile games industry forever. They help game developers and distribution channels generate more revenue from games by expanding their reach and distribution. Elvárások / RequirementsSkills that drive success in this role
Java, clean coding skills. Some of our most impactful changes are done on the software backend side of the services that we run and we use Java even for the automation of our platform itself.
Spring Boot. We provide standardised service setup to other dev teams and this industry standard framework is an integral part of it.
Unix/Linux/Bash. Managing virtual servers and related virtual cloud infrastructure is at the core of what they do.
Docker, application containerization. A docker container is our standard unit of deployment.
SQL, MySQL. They manage and provide various data storage services to other dev teams, SQL databases are one of the main technologies in this area.
Kubernetes, Helm. They continue migrating more of their services into our cluster environment where deployment and other usual tasks are fully automated.
Ability to decompose problems and changes into small incremental steps. They use agile approaches to software development, and platform is no exception. They aim to deliver changes and results in small and safe incremental changes.
A critical mindset and a strong problem-solving ability. We work with complex systems using complex technologies and they rarely see the same problem twice.
Balancing autonomous work with clear communication with peers. Every team member has the opportunity to fully own and drive their own projects, but they don’t work alone. Peers are always available to provide feedback and discuss possible approaches.
Additional skills useful in this role
JUnit/TestNG
CI/CD pipelines, Jenkins, Git
GitOps (Flux)
IaaS platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure, ...)
Further requirements
Educated to degree level in computer science or related discipline, or relevant experience in the field
5+ years of experience in software development or Ops/DevOps
Ability to visit our office in Budapest on an ad-hoc/monthly/weekly basis
Professional working proficiency in English
 Amit kínálunk / OfferYou’ll be part of our efficient, technology obsessed, and collaborative Platform Engineering team where you will be designing, building and maintaining solutions that extend our AWS cloud-based platform with new features. As part of the role, you’ll have the opportunity to dive deep into all parts of our platform and participate in our journey to build a strong foundation for all of services and technology solutions.
We’re now looking for an enthusiastic and experienced individual to join their team in Budapest, Hungary. You’ll be part of a distributed remote team with a strong culture of openness, transparency, and kindness. You’ll have the opportunity to closely work with and learn from experienced senior team members on a daily basis. They’re a cross-functional team that combines areas of backend Software Engineering and infrastructure Ops/DevOps.
Key activities
Research, design, build, improve, and automate the next iteration of the Flexion platform
Improve the developer experience of their product development teams by providing a streamlined set of tools, standards, and processes for application development, continuous integration, development environments
Build robust, scalable, easy-to-use and easy-to-understand platform solutions used by other software developers in their daily work
Implement performance improvements and optimizations of critical parts of their services
Take a key role in migrating remaining functionalities from monolithic application setup to microservices design and deployment
Create highly scalable software solutions for serving tens of millions daily request from across the whole world
 Kapcsolattartó / InformationA wide range of learning opportunities. They work in many different areas, and even their most senior members never stop learning new technologies and approaches. They learn from each other and they join courses online and on-site. Their team members have various certifications acquired through and funded by the company.
Support from a number of domain experts. Members of the team are experts in many different areas, so you will always have someone to turn to for help.
A clear set of priorities, plans, and strategies. You will always know how you can best contribute to the success of the team, the company, and their customers.
A culture of transparency and kindness. They are a diverse company and they openly discuss our views and value everyone’s opinion.
Company share options
Company phone, company laptop
Visits to our London headquarters
Team events, gatherings, conferences
Private Medical Insurance
Travel reimbursement 
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Tovább a hirdetőhöz
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary Kft													
Budapest
Nincs meghatározva
 Szoftverfejlesztő
Lejárati dátum: 2023-05-05 15:00:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióJava Software Engineer (in Platform Engineering)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
KategóriaSzoftverfejlesztő
Hasznos linkek
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
IT Állások iparág szerint
Adatbázis szakértő, Analyst állások
Back-end fejlesztő állások
Front-end fejlesztő állások
Full-stack fejlesztő állások
Design és grafika állások
IT management állások
IT / Dev architect  állások
Rendszer / Hálózat, DevOps állások
SAP állások
Szoftverfejlesztő állások
Tesztelés állások
Egyéb IT pozik állások
Mérnöki / Ipari programozás állások
IT Support állások
Mobil fejlesztő állások
Gyakornok állások
Mesterséges intelligencia állások
ITPeople.hu
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
ITPeople állások
