Jobs by email
Bruker Daltonics GmbH & Co. KG
Full Stack Java Developer (m/f/d)
Bremen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Your Career at Bruker – Develop Your Potential
As one of the world-s leading analytical instrumentation companies, Bruker covers a broad spectrum of advanced solutions in all fields of research and development. All our systems and instruments are designed to improve safety of products, accelerate time-to-market and support industries in successfully enhancing quality of life. We-ve been driving innovation in analytical instrumentation for 60 years now. Today, worldwide more than 7,500 employees are working on this permanent challenge, at over 90 locations on all continents.
We have an excellent career opportunity for an
Full Stack Java Developer (m/f/d)
We are looking for an experienced Full Stack Java Developer to join our growing team in Bremen, working in the context of mass spectrometry instrument control software. The ideal candidate has a strong background in developing client applications using Java and related technologies, and a passion for sharing their knowledge and expertise with others. We offer a diversified job in an interdisciplinary project team with flat hierarchies and short decision processes, and a secure, unlimited employment relationship in an international group with flexible working hours and the opportunity to work from home.
Tasks / Responsibilities:
Design, develop, and maintain applications using Java and related technologies
Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code
Participate in code reviews and contribute to the development of best practices
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and solve complex problems
Share your knowledge and expertise with others, including presenting your work to the team and explaining technical concepts in a clear and concise manner
Stay up to date with the latest industry trends and technologies
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field
Extensive experience (>= 5 years) in Java development
Experience with the Eclipse framework
Familiarity with UI design
Knowledge of web development technologies, including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is a plus
Excellent problem-solving, communication, and teamwork skills
Fluent command of English, both written and spoken. Strong German language skills are a plus.
If you are passionate about technology and have a strong desire to create innovative solutions with a passion for sharing your knowledge and expertise, we would love to hear from you!
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bruker Daltonics GmbH & Co. KG
28359 Bremen, Deutschland