Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Project Manager - IT Buyer (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
The IT Business Development Team mainly supports the Development Teams at ABOUT YOU Tech in structuring and optimizing their projects and processes. To achieve this they closely work together with the top management as well as the Tech & Product Leads of the company. The Team’s responsibilities vary a lot from managing projects with other tech team leads e.g. external software as a service selection, negotiation, and migrations, IT investment cases, cost saving, and projects helping other leads to find the perfect team processes. 
The Project Manager – IT Buyer (m/f/d) should be able to manage a wide range of cost projects (w.g. AWS cost related in which you will become an expert) and having interaction with one of the founders, for challenges which we face in our tech teams resulting in a cost-efficient Tech company.
What you will do
Lead multiple tech projects with a duration between 2 weeks and 6 months e.g. FinOps cost saving projects in the IT, vendor negotiations, contract management
Cooperation with IT project managers, Controllers as well as Technical Leads to increase the overall business value
Perform End-to-End Contract Management (plan, negotiate, monitor contracts, invoice verification, perform tender to achieve the best price/value composition)
Preparation of reports (e.g. preparation of monthly cost reports as well as KPI reports in cooperation with stakeholders)
Steering and hands on planning the IT budget planning across multiple teams for IT vendors and hosting costs
Get insight into a wide range of projects, processes, tools and state-of-the-art technologies (e.g. AWS, Datadog, etc.) while working with various teams
Discuss, align and report the project status with the Lead, Top Management, Tech & Product leads on a regular basis
Identify problems and find efficient and pragmatic solutions for blockers
Work in an international and agile environment with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes
Who you are
At least 2 years of experience in agile IT project management
Curious about learning new technologies
Experience with contract negotiations and managing IT projects
Analytical and efficient approach while keeping the focus on the set goals
Organizing is your strong suit, you always work in a very structured way
Proactive, hands-on, and creative problem-solving mindset
Excellent communication skills that are fluent in written and spoken English
Good MS Office and especially Excel skills
Nice to have:
Experience in IT-consulting
Analytical mindset
Experience with Cloud services like AWS, Google Cloud or Azure
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere at the Office
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux) also for private usage
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
Remote work on Mondays and Fridays
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Free access to online learning platforms like Laracast, Egghead and A Cloud Guru
Help in relocation and VISA process
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU. We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture. We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents. :-)
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland