Jobs by email
Next Kraftwerke GmbH
Business Analyst/IT-Advisor Collaboration (f/m/d)
Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
The Power of Many!
Would you like to join us in shaping the transformation of our energy system? Then you've come to the right place! We operate one of the largest Virtual Power Plants in Europe with thousands of networked power generators, consumers and storage facilities. With our team, we are working on the realisation of a sustainable power market – at our location in the heart of Cologne-Ehrenfeld, in our European branches and, of course, also while working from home.
Business Analyst/IT-Advisor Collaboration (f/m/d)
In your position in the team Collaboration you will be the link between our IT teams, business initiatives and external partners, particularly involving Shell Energy Europe as our shareholder with joint growth ambitions.
You will gather a very broad and comprehensive understanding of ongoing projects and IT capabilities in the context of power markets, renewable energy services as well as Virtual Power Plant solutions. Your task will be to match our business ambitions with the IT requirements of our teams and cooperation partners. The Collaboration team offers internal support to plan, align and manage complex projects as well as the existing product landscape. New opportunities in our steadily growing international portfolio require IT analysis and cross team coordination.
Whether full-time or part-time – let us know how we match up on this point.
This is what you like
You quickly comprehend the impacts of new deals or growth initiatives for IT teams and create a dynamic interface to involve various stakeholders.
You keep an overview of ongoing projects and business and align this with IT capabilities and backlogs.
You define, align and document requirements and processes together with several internal and external experts and stakeholders.
You coordinate internal as well as external projects with international stakeholders with a focus on IT requirements.
A flexible mindset allows you to join a team structure with increasingly agile concepts and approaches accepting expertise over hierarchy and solution orientation over methodology.
These are your qualifications and skills
You already have a minimum of 2 years of experience as a IT Project Manager, IT Business Analyst, Product Manager or similar positions.
You have knowledge of IT planning processes and the ability to become an expert for our application landscape.
Your project management skills allow you to coordinate complex projects and change processes.
You know how to summarize, present and convey results of analysis and planning to wide stakeholder groups as well as stand your ground in open discussions.
You have excellent communication skills in English with an awareness of cultural aspects in international collaboration and have knowledge of or willingness to learn German.
You are a curious, motivated person who we can laugh and learn with.
Together with your stakeholders you find a good balance between travelling and meeting within Germany or internationally and online solutions for flexible options.
What’s in it for you?
Hybrid and flexible work
Further education opportunities
Free green electricity (electricity allowance)
Jobbike
Sports offers e.g (Urban Sports Club, Yoga courses)
Employee assistance program
That is what our colleagues say:
"Working at Next Kraftwerke is a truly collaborative experience where the spirit of teamwork guides us through every project or task we undertake. The company culture fosters a sense of personal and professional growth where there is full scope to contribute my skills and share my perspective to drive the common goal and creating a positive impact. Personally, the knowledge and the insights I have gained on the EU energy market has been fascinating!"
Sendhil, Project Manager at Next Kraftwerke
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Next Kraftwerke GmbH
Lichtstraße 43g, 50825 Köln, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Home office
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.