Jobs by email
Encavis AG
Application Manager (m/w/d) in Renewable Energies
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
WHAT DRIVES ENCAVIS? THE SUN. THE WIND. AND YOU.
Welcome to the world of Encavis! We are driven by the power of the sun, the wind, and over 150 people who are jointly shaping the energy system of the future. More precisely, we make renewable energy an efficient business. The acquisition and operation of solar and wind parks throughout Europe is our core business activity. Today already, we are one of the leading independent electricity producers in the renewable energy sector. Our company’s continued growth offers you the possibility to proactively shape the future as a member of a multinational team committed to making the energy transition a success.
For our Hamburg or Neubiberg (Munich) location we are looking for a
Application Manager (m/w/d) in Renewable Energies
Full- or part-time (min. 32 hrs./week)
There is a lot to be said for your move to Encavis - but your expertise and experience speak for themselves. What can you expect with us? Varied tasks in a team in which you will quickly take on a key role in the introduction and management of business applications and further development and implementation of new requirements, manage external service providers and always keep an eye on optimizing our internal processes - in close exchange with other specialist departments.
Your sunny outlook:
Accompany the launch and subsequently administer a portfolio management tool for the renewable sector
Train employees in the use of the portfolio management tool
Identify functional enhancements and implement improvement cycles
Work with the development team to fix errors and bugs that arise
Ensure integration and compatibility of the tool with other systems and applications
Monitor and manage the performance of the application
Report and document results
Conduct tests and reviews to ensure that the tool meets requirements and functions smoothly
Ensure the system adheres to compliance and security standards
Take on additional projects as required
The fresh wind you can bring:
A degree in business studies, business informatics or a related discipline
Experience in project management and the implementation of software solutions
Experience in managing applications and working with development teams
Knowledge of the financial industry and fund management is a plus
Strong analytical and communication skills
Ability to work independently and solve problems
Excellent organisational and time management skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and to handle multiple tasks simultaneously
Business fluent in English, German would be advantageous
From this you draw your energy:
Your path will lead you to a future-oriented company where you are offered creative freedom and entrepreneurial thinking is valued. To an employer who offers you attractive remuneration, individual training opportunities, flexible working and mobile office (up to 50%). You can also look forward to an Employee Assistance Programme, 30 days' holiday, public transport ticket, subsidised bicycle leasing, individual health benefits, group accident insurance, employer's contribution to the company pension scheme and occupational disability insurance, employee discounts, free drinks, fruit and team events. And to a friendly team that wants to achieve something together, that looks out for each other and in which you can develop your potential.
Sounds like your next dream job?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Encavis AG
Große Elbstraße 59, 22767 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.