Jobs by email
Gentherm GmbH
Business Unit Interface Purchasing Partner (m/w/d)
Odelzhausen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Wir von Gentherm wissen, es geht immer um den Menschen. Denn wir begleiten Sie zum Beispiel an einem kalten Wintertag, wenn Sie im Auto Ihre Sitzheizung oder Ihre Lenkradradheizung einschalten – oder an einem heißen Sommertag, wenn Sie dank unserer Sitzklimasysteme nicht ins Schwitzen kommen. Wir regeln mit unseren medizinischen Produkten die Körpertemperatur von Patienten während und nach operativen Eingriffen und sorgen so für eine optimale Genesung. Bei allem was wir tun, stellen wir den Menschen in den Mittelpunkt.
Als weltweit führender Anbieter von Thermo-Technologien stehen wir für innovative Systemlösungen, die den Alltag vieler Menschen komfortabler und einfacher gestalten. Das ist unser Beitrag um Gesundheit, Wohlbefinden, Komfort und Energieeffizienz zu verbessern.
Mit Gentherm können Sie Ihrer Karriere langfristig planen. Arbeiten Sie mit uns an der Zukunft des Automobils oder an einer Verbesserung der Medizintechnik. Lassen Sie sich von unseren Teams inspirieren und nehmen Sie die Herausforderung an, thermische Lösungen für Menschen auf der ganzen Welt voran zu treiben.
Business Unit Interface Purchasing Partner (m/w/d)
This is very important role exposed to cross-functional team mid and high management level, responsible to improve the company P&L, support new business acquisition and keep the program launch timing from purchasing angel.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provide project key information to category leads, so they may quote the required BoM item(s) within their commodity category.
Provide BoM and Tool pricing for the business case calculation.
Continuous review of BoM and tool costs given target updates during awarding process.
Drive BoM and tooling sourcing to ensure launch readiness.
Drive cost reduction activities together with category leads to achieve pre-SOP & post-SOP savings targets.
Monitor BoM and tool costs, and cost reporting to management.
Coordinate with Finance/Engineering/PM, to challenge BoM and tooling costs and explore alternatives.
Provide regular updates of program milestones, volumes to category managers.
Support in supplier negotiations if program leverage is required to seek an optimal price.
Support program change initiatives & program ramp-down activities.
Support and drive cross functional cost / VA-VE workshops.
Ensure early involvement of SQD in case of new suppliers and/or materials and on-time PPAP approval according to program milestones.
Build and mediate the interface between engineering and supplier in project related technical issues.
Identify and communicate critical materials based on the customer RFQ or BoM and during further project work (availability, lead times, quality, sourcing and contractual risk, mismatching minimum order quantities) to the project team.
Provide single point of contact interface with all non-purchasing functions.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s Degree in Supply Chain, Business, or related discipline.
Minimum 7 years of relevant purchasing experience in the Automotive industry.
Strong knowledge and understanding of Automotive Supply Chain and life cycle.
Business fluent English communication skills (written and verbal).
Strong negotiation skills and project management experience.
Ability to transfer technical matters into economic considerations.
Strong communication skills and assertiveness and extensive knowhow of purchasing methods and tools.
High stress resilience.
Legal/contractual knowledge.
Analytical mindset and knowledge in cost calculation.
Strong MS Office skills.
Up to 10% travel.
OUR OFFER:
Exciting tasks in a successful and internationally oriented company.
Possibility for hybrid working.
Appropriate training and development activities.
Free employee parking in front of the building.
Canteen and free drinks (coffee, tea, water).
CONTACT:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Gentherm GmbH
Rudolf-Diesel-Straße 12, 85235 Odelzhausen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Terrace
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.