Jobs by email
FANUC Europe Corporation
SAP Security Expert
Echternach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
I'm interested
Save
FANUC is the world leading provider of factory automation. Our machine range includes a number of Robots, Cutting, Drilling, and Injection moulding machines, Laser, motors and control systems used in automation. 
FANUC Europe Corporation is the European Headquarter, located in Luxembourg. Our 250+ employees provide a full range of services to our 20+ European subsidiaries. This includes European Sales and Service, Technical Support, Supply Chain, Spare Parts and Repairs, as well as Marketing, Human Resources, IT, Legal, Compliance and Administrative Support.
With over 20 different nationalities represented in our HQ, we look forward to welcoming more ambitious and team spirited people joining us, who like to work independently and speak their mind; seeking to continuously improve and maintain our healthy, professional and friendly workplace.
Who are we? Take a look!
Your tasks will include:
Ensure optimal setup of new cloud systems by coordinating all FANUC resources like infrastructure and integration experts.
Steering all service activities provided by SAP to ensure high availability and performance.
Ensure a seamless user integration and deployment by designing the future role and authorization concept for FANUC.
Take all actions to make sure that all systems are protected and secured by latest cloud technology.
Your profile:
Minimum 5 years of professional experience in the area of SAP Security and access management for S/4 Hana systems.
Routine in set up SAP Identify Management, SAP Cloud Identity, Single-Sign-On and identity provisioning.
Experience in managing external service and administration providers.
Knowledge of state-of-the-art security setup for SAP Cloud technology.
What we offer:
You will be given a 360° insight to a European Supply Chain department that supports European business in a variety of different areas. You will get the opportunity to work in a global environment and a dynamic company where people are the centre of all activities. We manage diverse projects, we are passionate about our work and due to our continuous development process we set trends in the international automation industry.
Further information:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
FANUC Europe Corporation
rue Benedikt Zender 7, 6468 Echternach, Luxemburg
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -