Jobs by email
ZEISS
Working Student - Management Reporting (f/m/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will support our Management Reporting team with various tasks when it comes to transform data into business value. Hence, you will actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. As a working student, you will help to set-up (new) reporting and data products and support our colleagues in diverse exciting projects. You will help us to establish a knowledge transfer and documentation concept and thus contribute to the success of the whole team. Come onboard and take this exciting opportunity to shape the future of ZEISS and help to make data a strategic asset!
Ihr Profil
You are studying in the field of Business Informatics, Business Management, Information Technology, or a comparable degree program
Internships and first experiences in the Business Intelligence environment is considered as a plus
A passion for data and digital technologies
First experiences with modern BI tools, e.g. PowerBI, is considered as a plus
First experiences with Azure Synapse and data-modelling with Python/PySpark, SQL or other languages is considered as a plus
Good MS Office skills (especially Excel and PowerPoint)
Strong curiosity and willingness to develop new capabilities
Fluent German and English language skills
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.