Jobs by email
1&1 Mail & Media
Java / Spring Boot Developer (f/m/d) - onsite or remote / home office
Home-Office (bundesweit), Karlsruhe, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
About us
With our strong brands GMX, WEB.DE and mail.com and over 42 million active users, we are the leading email and communications platform in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. From this strong market position, services and apps are developed that simplify users' digital lives - from office tools and cloud solutions to personal ID management.
Your tasks
You have a passion for Java Development and Spring Boot and Microservices in particular? You like to develop high quality software and cutting edge technologies are important for you? You prefer a cross-functional, agile team? Then we're looking for you. WEB.DE and GMX are among the most used e-mail providers in Germany. To make everyday life easier for our users, our team Mail Store Development is continuously developing new functions. Let's work together on the future of our email platform!
You will develop and maintain Spring Boot based Microservices and deploy them on our in-house Kubernetes clusters.
You will work on the implementation of new features on all our systems for automated processing of emails and you are there from the first idea to the final release.
You create architecture spikes, proofs of concept for complex problems or high-risk systems or you evaluate new technologies.
You work closely together with various disciplines such as QA, spam experts, architects and our operating teams and contribute ideas and expertise independently.
You keep yourself up-to-date with new technologies and participate in internal and external conferences.
We appreciate
You're keen to learn new things and you can develop with Java and Spring Boot outstanding new features? You are interested to become part of an agile team and your interested in mail systems? Your passion is software development and your code is high quality? Your work attitude is hands-on and you're a strong team player? You see yourself described in the points below? Then we are looking forward to your application.
You have sound knowledge in object oriented programming with Java and web technologies such as JSON or RESTFul HTTP are no foreign words for you. Ideally, you've worked before with Spring Boot, NOSQL and SQL databases, Microservices, containerised applications and Kubernetes.
You have experience with Linux as development and server environment in high load scenarios as well as distributed systems.
You are familiar with automated software quality assurance (Unit Testing, Performance Tests, Acceptance Tests) and agile development in a continuous delivery environment.
You are communicative, open to new ideas and enjoy working in an agile team.
Good English skills are necessary and German is a plus.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates