Jobs by email
Kamag Transporttechnik GmbH und Co. KG
Autonomous driving in the Logistics Internship, Bachelor's thesis, Master's thesis
Ulm
Bachelor dissertation / Master thesis, Internship
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Easy apply
Save
AUTONOMOUS DRIVING IN THE LOGISTICS
Internship, Bachelor's thesis, Master's thesis
As part of your job, you will support our R&D team by taking on responsibility for tasks in the domain of the logistic vehicles. Topics such as autonomous driving, connected vehicles, intelligent logistics and e-mobility are being promoted. You are also in contact with our partners,suppliers and customers. You are welcome to use your methods, tools and experience from your studies.
Typical tasks:
According to your interest, you will develop, implement and test methods and algorithms in the field of autonomous driving in yard logistics for different purposes and with different tools.
Your main topic could be one of the topics below:
Simulation of robots, logistic vehicles and logistic environment
Economic feasibility study, cost-benefit analysis and market analysis
Test, validation and evaluation with robot platform
AI algorithm for scene detection and classification as well as data science
Programming of vehicle ECU (telemetry, control, etc.)
What you bring:
Knowledge in one of the following domains: robotics, AI, optical sensors
Practical experience with programming language like Python or C++
Interest in the domain logistic and logistic vehicles
What we offer you:
Regular professional and personal feedback
Motivated, dynamic team
The freedom to bring in and realize your own idea
General conditions:
Start: each summer semester or winter semester or by arrangement
Duration: approx. 6 months or by arrangement, long-termcooperation preferred
Location: Ulm, Mobile Working occassionally possible
Full-Time (35 hours)
Appropriate remuneration
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Kamag Transporttechnik GmbH und Co. KG
89073 Ulm, Germany