Jobs by email
Ericsson GmbH
Project Management Support (m/w/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
As the tech firm that created the mobile world, and with more than 54,000 patents to our name, we’ve made it our business to make a mark. When joining our team at Ericsson you are empowered to learn, lead, and perform at your best, shaping the future of technology. This is a place where you're welcomed as your own perfectly unique self and celebrated for the skills, talent, and perspective you bring to the team. Are you in? Then join us as
Project Management Support (m/w/d)
Location: Düsseldorf
Req.ID: 718264
What you will do:
Continuous support of the project manager and project team through all project phases of the project by applying proper project processes, methods, and tools.
Collaboration with related internal departments as well as the external customer organization.
Preparation of governance reviews, relevant project tollgates and milestones, steering meetings, and creation of project documentation and reports. Create and optimize project data in the relevant project tools.
Support the preparation of project budgets, time plans, risk and change management, as well as resource planning. Control and monitor the information management within the project.
Connect to the Group's global network and contribute to the implementation of best practices, simplification, and automization processes.
Take ownership for smaller projects of your own.
Your profile:
You have got a Bachelor's or master-s degree in Business Management / Administration, Business Informatics, Economics, or comparable field of study.
1-2 years of work experience, preferably in the area of project support / management.
You are a team player with strong communication skills and like to work proactively, independently, and solution-oriented. You are committed to make a difference and to take on responsibility.
You have great interest about project management processes and corresponding support activities. You are very service-minded, have a good understanding of processes and fast comprehension skills.
You have an affinity for technology and automation and are on top of common business tools.
You are fluent in German and English enabling you to communicate with all stakeholders in our international team
What we have got to offer:
An exceptionally interesting and varied job in an international environment with the opportunity to contribute innovative ideas.
Exciting and innovative projects in an international, fast-paced environment.
Working in an international, highly dedicated, and dynamic team with flat hierarchies.
You will be close to cutting-edge information technology and work with the latest business innovations in the telecom industry at the market leader for 5G.
From the start, we will assign you tasks for which you will have individual responsibility, giving you the opportunity to contribute your own ideas.
Many opportunities for personal and professional development.
Flexible working hours with the possibility of hybrid working.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Ericsson GmbH
40489 Düsseldorf, Deutschland