Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Camera Mixed-Signal IC Applications Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
We live in a mobile and device driven world where knowledge of the physical world around us is needed. We rely on this knowledge to get around, to learn about our environment and to enable spectacular new features for custom applications. Apple is meeting those needs as robustly and as creatively as possible and is interested in people who want to help meet that commitment. The success we are striving will be the result of very skilled people working in an environment which cultivates creativity, partnership, and thinking of old problems in new ways. If that sounds like the kind of environment that you find intriguing, then let's talk. These elements come together to make Apple an amazing environment for motivated people to do the greatest work of their lives. You will become part of a team that sets the standard in developing excellence, creativity and innovation. Will you help us design the next generation of revolutionary Apple products?
The Camera Hardware Engineering group is responsible for the design, development, and innovation of camera hardware for all related Apple products. Our target is to deliver superior camera hardware to enable best-in-class camera user experience. We are looking for an enthusiastic, high energy individual who can help us with tomorrow’s challenges.
Tasks
Working with cross-functional teams including mechanical, optical, firmware, product/test and camera systems engineers to evaluate performance specifications, optimal HW/SW/FW system partitioning and interfacing.
Validation, integration and support of camera HW chipsets (developed and under development) across multiple systems and modules from initial bring up to post mass-production release.
Understanding how complex system architectures translate to electrical and IC requirements. Working at the boundary of vendor requirements to search for incorrect implementations. Desire to “break things”.
Developing and executing on plans for validation and debugging, and then completing data analysis to draw conclusions.
Developing software, firmware, and RTL for laboratory data acquisition, control systems, silicon validation, and prototyping.
Designing and debugging circuits and PCBs for validating, characterizing, and prototyping camera HW chipsets.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Broad range of engineering knowledge and/or expertise.
Sharp problem-solving skills and critical thinking.
Past experience of independence in designing complex systems.
Strong understanding of EE fundamentals.
Strong commitment to going above and beyond to get work done at the highest quality.
Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills.
Experience with the development and analysis of experiments to root-cause challenging electrical problems.
Hands-on in some or all of the following:
Experience with Python and/or MATLAB development for scripting, lab automation, silicon validation, and data analysis
Experience with low-level programming and debug for embedded development (C/C++) and/or RTL for FPGA platforms.
Proficient in performing challenging electrical measurements (high speed, high current and low noise) using instruments in the lab.
PCB design and debug for drivers, converters, PMUs or high speed amplifier IC evaluation boards, including circuit design, schematic capture, layout and component selection.
Education and Experience
Preferred MS, or Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €