Jobs by email
AGCO GmbH
IT Analyst Material Logistics & Warehouse Management (f/m/x)
Marktoberdorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Fendt – A brand of the AGCO Corporation
Our long-standing tradition and passion for agriculture make Fendt a strong brand. The Fendt brand has been part of the US global player since 1997.
Experience our global diversity and enterprising spirit. Let's work together to bring a positive change to agriculture and help us develop innovative technologies that will support us in mastering new challenges such as the world’s growing population in the coming years. Help us shape the agriculture of tomorrow and become part of our team.
For our IT Team at our bavarian location Marktoberdorf we are looking for a
IT Analyst Material Logistics & Warehouse Management (f/m/x)
(Ref. 92611)
At Fendt, you will work for the premium supplier and innovation driver in the agricultural machinery industry. In our IT department, you will actively shape agriculture's digital transformation – a system-relevant challenge. As an industry pioneer, we develop state-of-the-art technologies and optimize our existing processes, products and cloud solutions. With varied areas of responsibility, cutting-edge technologies and a flexible working environment, you will always be able to grow with us. Look forward to experiencing team spirit and multicultural cooperation in our global AGCO IT.
Overall this role is critical to the entire project life cycle as it will be responsible for requirement definition, design, configuration, testing, and documentation to ensure best practice are followed and business value is delivered in accordance to the objectives. The role leads the effort to analyze, validate and document the business and system requirements acting as a key liaison/engagement role between the global AGCO business and IT support functions. This role encompasses systems and data related activities as well business.
What you will do
Analysis
Collaborate with key business resources on requirements gathering, solution design (FD), configuration (SPRO), testing, user acceptance, implementation, and documentation
Understand and translate business concepts to executable functional designs; ensure functional designs are executed as a viable solution to the business concept; ensuring module solution aligns and is compatible with overall architecture
Work with other analysts to understand integration points with other systems and communicate the impact of proposed system changes
Projects
Develop and keep updated, functional design documents and testing scripts ensuring scripts are aligned with current system design and business practices
Configure, test and train during SAP projects following the AGCO methodology
Support & Change Management
Resolve incidents and complete service requests to the agreed service levels (SLA) and promote your change requests through the SAP environments to production
Monitor performance and provide responsive action to issues maintaining high-level internal customer satisfaction to required service level performance measures, through the successful resolution of customer requests/issues/change requests
What you will bring
Bachelor’s Degree in IT, Computer Science, or equivalent academic
At least 4 years of experience with functional configuration (IMG/SPRO) and system design knowledge in Warehouse Management (SAP WM), Material Management (SAP MM), and Inventory Management (SAP IM) with cross functional awareness of components that interact with the assigned function
At least 2 years completed full lifecycle SAP implementation projects experience including the use of the relevant SAP modules of Material Logistics
Demonstrated ability in developing use cases, test scripts and leading the execution of the tests including documenting the results
Estimated travel below 25% of the time
A plus if you have
Very good communication and interpersonal skills, capable of interacting with multiple levels of IT and business stakeholders
Ability to help others to successfully influences diverse groups and teams in a complex and ambiguous environment to deliver value-added solutions
Problem solving mindset
Global company experience
What we offer
We welcome you to our appreciative, open corporate culture – with a great team spirit and good work atmosphere. We offer attractive, fair remuneration, with additional insurance and pension schemes. We attach great importance to supporting you in your individual work-life balance – your health is important to us. As part of our Corporate Health Management, you will benefit from intensive company medical care, advice on social matters, numerous sports programs, and much more. Your ideas and your personal and professional development are important to us. We look forward to developing your full potential together with you and shaping the future of sustainable agriculture.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
AGCO GmbH
Johann-Georg-Fendt-Straße 4, 87616 Marktoberdorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -