Jobs by email
Leica Microsystems GmbH
Software Engineer (d/f/m)
Wetzlar
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
For over 170 years, Leica Microsystems has helped shape the future by developing groundbreaking optical and digital solutions. As a global leader, we’re driven by continuous improvement to excite our customers and to create the best work environment for our people. Customer focus, innovation, and teamwork are at the core of our culture and the foundation of our success.
Want to be part of a company whose products are part of cutting-edge research around the world? Join Leica Microsystems in our commitment for brilliant solutions and insight.
Leica Microsystems is one of 10 Life Sciences companies of Danaher. Together, we accelerate the discovery, development and delivery of solutions that safeguard and improve human health.
  We currently offer the following position in our headquarter in Wetzlar which will be hybrid
  Software Engineer (d/f/m)
  Your responsibilities:
In this exciting role you are part of a team which is developing innovative software solutions to serve customer needs within applied microscopy in an industrial environment. 
If you are a self-motivated team player, with a strong focus on continuous improvement who is looking to join a team of innovative software developers with a strong hardware focus– don’t hesitate and apply now!
Development of software solutions within existing or new software platforms for our microscope hardware
Creation and extension of software components in C++ / C# for the control of microscope systems
Active participation in software projects as well as taking responsibility for planning, implementing and ensuring the quality and time requirements of the required programming tasks
Communication and coordination with external development partners
Communicate and support across multiple departments with all software related topics
Take ownership for quality and follow process guidelines
    Our expectations:
Successfully completed degree in the field of computer science, engineering, natural science or a similar area
Professional experience in software development ideally using programming languages C++ and C#
Good knowledge of modern software development methods and tools
Experience working in larger software development teams and with software development processes
An interest in computer vision and camera technology
Fluent German and English skills 
What we offer:
An on-site cafeteria
We support employees in their professional and personal development
A wide range of training opportunities (including virtual) in languages, technology and the Danaher Business System (DBS) Academy
A balance between support and autonomy to achieve your own goals in an international environment
    Get more insight
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Leica Microsystems GmbH
Ernst-Leitz Straße 17-37, 35578 Wetzlar, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Company car
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.