Jobs by email
CHECK24
PHP Backend Developer (m/f/d) InsurTech
Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Speed, agility and steep career opportunities through growth, that's what CHECK24 is all about. Our vision to provide the best customer experience for all our products is only possible through good cooperation between software development, product management and customer service. As a PHP Backend Developer (m/f/d) you will work with different frameworks depending on your location and department.
If you want to make a difference, we should work together!
We are looking forward to your application as a PHP Backend Developer (m/f/d) Sachversicherungen at CHECK24 Vergleichsportal für Sachversicherungen GmbH.
 Your Responsibilities
Design Middleware APIs for our high frequency web service with PHP 7.4
Design and maintain a large scale MySQL database structure
Develop a world class price comparison application for an exciting industry
Provide detailed monitoring and automated tests for happy customers
Use analysis tools such as Blackfire, to profile and maintain the performance of the application
As a member of our IT team, help us to improve every day
Implement new functionality and improvements to existing functionality. We’re already good at this. Let’s see if you can make us even better!
Your Qualifications
The capability of writing clean, S.O.L.I.D. code
Knowledge about Database Design, APIs and Middleware concepts
Knowledge about design patterns
Experience with GIT
The will to invest your skills for the success of your team
Logical thinking, quality and performance awareness and constant willingness to learn
Fluent English with valid work permit to work in Germany (advantage)
Your Benefits
Security of an established online company with start-up flair - we hire permanent staff for an unlimited period of time
So that you feel comfortable with us: We support you and finance a German course (German Level C1)
Free Job Ticket (RMV) incl. family and friends transportation opportunity
Steep career opportunities (specialist or management career) through continuous growth
Vouchers for numerous CHECK24 products and a subsidized company pension scheme
Extras such as drinks and fruit are a matter of course for us!
We celebrate successes together at numerous events
Do you have questions?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
CHECK24
Speicherstraße 55, 60327 Frankfurt, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Coaching
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.