Jobs by email
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Quality Management Software Expert (m/w/d)
Giengen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Tomorrow is our home.
Find out how you can enjoy, grow and perform at BSH Home Appliances Group: As a leading manufacturer of home appliances and solutions, we encourage commitment and open-mindedness among our employees. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff as well as our local brands, our focus truly is on innovation. And that doesn’t just apply to our products and services, but also drives the way in which we cooperate, exchange ideas and organize our teams. Everyone is invited to make their individual contribution to our overall success. Join us now and give your career a home.
Quality Management Software Expert (m/w/d)
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Full time / Part time |
Giengen
Your responsibilities
You will be working in an exciting, international environment and contributing personally to the company’s success. Challenging tasks and projects await you, such as
 Define quality requirements for the Software in early phase as frontloading for cooling product projects
 Develop and establish quality management concept for software qualification in close cooperation with a cross-functional team
 Define tools and method to monitor and evaluate software quality in order to ensure fulfillment of Q-requirements
 Setup a concept to integrate software quality checks as part of validation concept
 Analysis and continuous improvement of the quality assurance/management process for software
Your profile
University degree Engineering in Business Informatics or electronic
Prior experience in Quality-, Project Management or Development, ideally in the area of digital products/systems or software quality
High resilience and flexibility, strong intercultural collaboration and flexibility while working with international partners
Good knowledge of the German and English language, both spoken and written, 
Willingness for business trips on a limited scale
Your benefits
Flexible working time models (e.g. mobile working, part-time, job sharing, sabbatical)
Remuneration according to the collective agreement of IG Metall (30 days vacation, additional payments)
Attractive company pension plan financed by the employer
Promotion of professional and personal development at BSH's internal Global Learning Campus
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Straße 100, 89537 Giengen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates