Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Software Architect / Software System Engineer (d/f/m) for Aircraft Connectivity - Multi-Program
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Become part of the Cabin and Cargo Design Office as a Software-Architect / System Engineer (d/f/m) for Aircraft Connectivity - Multi-Program. Extend your know-how about many aircraft systems in the Cargo & Cabin Electronics environment and shape with us the  future of aircrafts through R&D and be part of the digital transformation process of Airbus. The Airbus Cabin & Cargo Electronics Design Offices are responsible for the cabin and its systems in all Airbus aircraft. We design and develop according to market requirements and support the product via the whole product life-cycle. Your Tasks & Accountabilities: Design software product line components and architectures based on microservices for flexible usage within aircraft connectivity systems. Define software features and requirements for the system platform and align implementation with agile release trains. Ensure reliable and scalable end-to-end infrastructure with the ground software teams.   Preparation of trade-off studies and evaluation of proposed solutions in the field of system and software functions.  Support the agile Product Managers, Release Train Engineers and overall System Architects with the definition and alignment of solutions. Contribute to the refinement and prioritization of the product backlog and synchronization with the requirement baseline. Your Boarding Pass: You hold an university degree in Computer Science or equivalent with several years of professional experience You have deep knowledge in software and system design  You have experience in Agile Safe methodologies for product developments (e.g. as Product Owner) You have preferably knowledge in Requirement-based Engineering (RbE) and Model-based System Engineering (MbSE)  You have preferably gathered already some knowledge of cellular ( e.g. 5G, 6G), wireless / IoT communication technologies, IP Protocols, Network Architectures and virtualization solutions You are a team-player with “can-do mindset” and strong communication & presentation skills You are ready to travel partly and work in an international environment Your English is at a negotiation level. German language skills would be a plus  Your Location: You will be working at the largest production site for civil aircraft situated in Hamburg. Its location on the southern banks of the river Elbe includes the option to commute by ferry. Experience the special flair of Hamburg in your spare time where vibrant cosmopolitan culture meets nautic legacy. Your Benefits: Attractive salary and special payments 30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies On-site-facilities: Kindergarten close to the site, medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Hamburg, Deutschland