Jobs by email
SMS digital GmbH
Quality Assurance Engineer (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
SMS digital GmbH
SMS digital GmbH is a leading provider of digital solutions in the metal industry. Since 2016 we develop innovative software solutions in the field of cloud computing to push digitalization forward. As a digital subsidiary of SMS group GmbH, the market leader in plant and mechanical engineering, we benefit from state-of-the-art development methods, metallurgical process know-how and technological expertise. Our goal is to optimize the entire value chain sustainable.
Do you want to revolutionize the metal industry with us? Then this is the right place for you.
  Quality Assurance Engineer (m/f/d)
YOU ACT
Reviewing quality specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback
Creating detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases
Estimating, prioritizing, planning and coordinating quality testing activities
Develop and execute exploratory and automated tests to ensure product quality
Designing and implementing tests, debugging and defining corrective actions
You will also review system requirements and track quality assurance metrics (e.g. defect densities and open defect counts.)
Conducting tests before product launches to ensure software runs smoothly and meets client needs
Ultimately, you should monitor all stages of software development to identify and resolve system malfunctions to meet quality standards
Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts
Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies
YOU KNOW
Senior developer (dotnet, javascript, python)
Proven work experience in software development
Proven work experience in software quality assurance
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes
Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases
Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing
Hands-on experience with automated testing tools
Solid knowledge of SQL and scripting
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process
Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus
WE CONVINCE
As an innovative and international employer, we offer you a performance-oriented salary package and the opportunity to achieve the ideal family/work life balance, e.g. with our in-house children's daycare center, flexible working hour models, and homeworking options. Click here to learn more about the benefits of working for SMS digital.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
SMS digital GmbH
Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.