Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Cellular 5G/4G Layer1 Control Firmware Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming products, services and customer experiences very quickly. Every single day, people do amazing things at Apple. Imagine what you could do here! Do you want to impact billions of users by developing an extraordinary product with a prime focus on accuracy, understandability and performance of the product? Will you help us design future generations of revolutionary Apple products? As a Cellular Layer 1 Firmware Engineer on this team, you will be at the center of the 5G/4G/multimode cellular firmware effort within a silicon design and firmware development group responsible for designing and productizing state-of-the-art cellular SoCs. This position requires someone comfortable will all aspects of embedded software development, that thrives in a dynamic multi-functional organization, is not afraid to debate ideas openly, and is flexible enough to pivot on constantly evolving requirements. You will become part of a hands-on development team that champions engineering excellence, creativity and innovation. Dynamic, encouraging people and innovative technologies are the norm here! If you are an inventive engineer with the desire to research and develop solutions that do not yet exist, we want you to join our team.
Description
Specify, design, and implement a multi-mode L1 firmware architecture of a state-of-the-art mobile wireless communications system.
Implement key 3GPP L1 PHY control procedures, scheduling, against low latency, on/off chip memory and energy constraints.
Work with silicon designers to define processor, bus, and memory subsystems.
Work with other Software teams to define interfaces to protocol stack, MAC/RRC and required processor subsystems
Assist in the development of pre-silicon emulation systems/virtual platforms and use them for pre-silicon FW design and HW verification.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Highly proficient with C and C++ programming
Experience in scripting languages like Perl and Python
Proficiency in debugging embedded software systems
Familiarity with ETM, ETB, JTAG, HW breakpoints, Lauterbach, TRACE32 and any other trace and debug SW/tools
Experience in core BSP implementation
Experience with Real Time Operating Systems (RTOS) applications, multi-core, multi-threaded and concurrent programming
Experience with embedded real-time programming for low latency and memory constrained applications
Experience with ISS, virtual platforms, silicon prototyping and emulation systems
Understanding of 5G and 4G 3GPP standards, or similar Wireless standards (2G,3G, WiFi)
Competent knowledge on Physical Layer control is a plus
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering or computer science is required.
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Apple Distribution International ULC
München, Deutschland