Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Data Architect and Archiving Consultant (f/m/div.)
Wernau (Neckar)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 23 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Thermotechnik GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Wernau (Neckar)
Your tasks
As a data architect and archiving consultant S/4, you need to clarify with process owners and design the data and document archiving process in S/4, to ensure the relevant data and documents are archived timely in order to optimize the data storage capacity, ensure the process continuity and fulfill the legal requirements.
You set up a proper data and document archiving concept from the very beginning in E2E process design in S/4 projects, both inside and outside of SAP.
Furthermore, you lead with process owners to define data and document archiving process in each process chain.
Also, you work with cooperate IT departments for customizing, realization and implementation of designed data as well as documents archiving processes in S/4.
You ensure the archiving process successfully go-live in each S/4 roll-out projects.
The further improvement as well as advice on the implemented SAP data and document archiving process after go-live are also part of your responsibility.
Finally, you harmonize data models between SAP and non-SAP applications.
Your profile
Education: university degree in Business Administration, IT or related areas, or similar education with professional experience
Knowledge: in Data Management, Data Quality, Data Governance with in depth data and information architectures (structured and unstructured),
preferably in large manufacturing industries, large heterogenous environments and long-term experience in SAP ERP archiving objects as well as technical know-how in ILM/SARA with high level business process knowledge and functional experience in projects
Experience: in setting guiding principles for Data Management and convincing user departments observing legal retention rules
Personality and Working Practice: project management- and leadership skills
Languages: fluent in English, German is advantageous
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Junkersstraße 20-24, 73249 Wernau (Neckar), Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.