Jobs by email
BestSecret Group
Senior Linux System Administrator (m/f/d)
Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About BestSecret Group
We are a leading European members-only online destination for premium and luxury off-price fashion. Partnering with over 3,000 international brands, our tech-focused mindset and strong commitment to sustainability drives a truly unique experience for our members. With almost 100 years of experience behind us, and a major tech transformation ahead, BestSecret is scaling at pace to become one of Europe’s most exciting ecommerce players. We are proud to have a diverse team of over 1,700 employees from over 80 countries and are committed to further building out our international team with the very best talent based at our various hubs across Europe.
SENIOR LINUX SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR (M/F/D)
Location: Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
We are looking for you to join our team of five, who love technical challenges. In cooperation with our colleagues from across the company, you will develop highly available and scalable systems. Our modern concepts enable an ideal mix of on-premises as well as virtualization and cloud solutions.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
You are responsible for operational function of our Linux-based platform as well as its technical support and issue management incl. on-call service.
Monitoring and optimizing of the system performance.
Together with the team, you will use the infrastructure as code for platform automation.
You will actively shape up and enable migration of our on-premises services to the cloud.
Participation in project development with qualified opinions on platform requirements and risks.
Stay up to date with the latest Linux technologies and trends. 
YOUR QUALIFICATION
5+ years of experience in Linux server administration (especially Ubuntu, Debian).
Experience with cloud-based technologies (specifically in Azure)
Needed skills:
Infrastructure as Code (Ansible or Terraform/ Terragrunt (cloud-based))
Virtualization environments (Proxmox)
Scripting language (Python or Bash)
Prometheus with Grafana or Datadog
GIT
Elasticsearch and Kibana
Deploying cloud-based services to Kubernetes
Ability to work independently and in an easy-going team rather than in formal structures.
Enthusiasm for new technologies and willingness for continuous improvement of your skills.
Strong written and verbal communication skills in English, German or Spanish is a nice to have. 
BENEFITS
Become part of our success story and work in an innovative working environment
Individual training for your personal development
Find an environment where you feel comfortable and can develop fully
Great employee discounts for your perfect style
Stay fit and healthy with our corporate memberships at exclusive fitness and wellness clubs in Germany
Attractive salary package and 30 days of vacation
Highly motivated colleagues and a thorough induction phase
Hybrid working gives you a high degree of flexibility
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.