Jobs by email
fulfillmenttools
Android Developer (m/f/d)
Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Introduction
We are looking for people like you for our Cologne-based spin-off. Be involved in creating our software-as-a-service business model and helping to shape the future of eCommerce fulfillment!
You will be joining a technologically adept team that boasts excellent skills in the omnichannel eCom and fulfillment area and has already demonstrated its range of know-how at REWE digital. Utilizing agile work methods, we are now putting this experience to use in the development of a state-of-the-art platform. We will be helping retailers in all sectors to link their store networks to their online businesses in order to create the perfect omnichannel shopping experience for their customers.
Are you ready for the digital commerce of the future? Then submit your application now!
Your Tasks
We work independently, agile and in cross-functional teams
With us you have the opportunity to build and develop a cool new product
We rely on trust, transparency and open communication
With us you will constantly get to know new technologies and have the opportunity to think outside the box
Good code quality is especially important to us, which we ensure through reviews, pair programming and testing
We rely on flexible working hours, because there are also important things to do in your private life
Your Profile
You have professional experience in Android development and you are familiar with the Android SDK
You are a team player and have a good sense of humor
You work on your own responsibility and with high quality 
You have a very good command of English. German language skills are definitely an advantage
We Offer
  Everything a nerd's heart desires: tech talks and hackathons, free choice of hardware plus hardware budget for your own wishes
A desire for new things: the opportunity to help shape our young software-as-a-service business model
This is what work-life balance looks like: more than 30 days of vacation, trust-based working hours and the possibility to work partially mobile or workation
Always up to date: regular in-house workshops, conferences and weekly stand-ups 
Stress-free commute to work: with the discounted job ticket and parking spaces right outside the door 
One team, lots of fun: regular team and company events 
Benefits of a large corporation: employee discounts in various areas of REWE Group 
All-round care: Urban Sports allowance, health benefits, subsidized pension plan or daycare fees
And if you ever need a break: we subsidize your lunch and break snacks
  Wir freuen uns auf Deine Bewerbung über das Online-Bewerbungsformular. 
Recruiter:  Sarah Pütz
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
fulfillmenttools
Schanzenstr. 30, 51063 Köln, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.