Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Network Security Architect (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
You are part of a strategic, agile project to develop the future network of a large company.
You will develop network and network security solutions in a team of network specialists.
You will be responsible for integration into the existing enterprise network.
You will consider technical aspects as well as business requirements and commercial aspects.
Analyze technological details and develop proposals for implementation.
Propose and initiate corrective actions to meet architecture/process standards and monitor implementation.
Your profile
Education: Degree in Computer Science, Network Security, Software Engineering, or similar qualification
Personality: Strong goal and result orientation
Working Practice: Distinct customer and service orientation as well as consulting skills
Experience: Several years of professional experience in network and infrastructure architectures for large enterprises
Knowledge: Good knowledge in Authentication methods, Identity provider, Multi-factor authentication, Cloud segmentation, Network orchestration APIs and Enterprise IT Security
Enthusiasm: Enthusiastic about working with a highly capable, international and cross-functional team
Languages: Very good German- and English skills
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.