Jobs by email
Fresenius Medical Care
Data Analyst & Engineer (m/f/d) – Commercial Business Services
Bad Homburg vor der Höhe bei Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
We provide medical engineering for millions. And yet for each individual.
Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal diseases. As a global health care company, we have  a special goal: provide the best possible care. Join us to improve the quality of life for a growing number of patients around the world and be a vital part of our team.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
Fresenius Medical Care – Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every day. More than four decades of experience in dialysis, innovative research, the global leader in dialysis services and products – that is Fresenius Medical Care.
With the EDGE project, Fresenius Medical Care strives to digitize processes, accelerate the digital customer experience and to improve collaboration and transparency between the commercial and marketing teams. At the heart of the project is a Digital Platform (CRM) that is developed and implemented with an agile and bottom-up approach. Join the project team and help to boost digital commercial excellence on a global scale.
Job description
Position Responsibilities:
Manage and maintain data loading and data mapping processes
Proactive explore new data management methods and implement best-in-class methods and processes by staying up-to-date with the latest industry trends
Continuously collaborate with internal teams to identify data requirements and improve data quality
Support and actively drive the development of reports and KPI definitions
Analyze and interpret complex data sets to identify trends, patterns, and insights and present results in a simple and tangible manner
Drive the development of additional features / components in the Digital Platform in alignment with the external development team
Regularly align with local support roles to spot and fix issues and close data gaps
Critical Deliverables:
Ensure accuracy of the data by regularly aligning with the respective stakeholders
Ensure high reliability of the data model and the processes / scripts working in the background
Job requirements
Critical Competencies:
Proficiency in relational database management, especially SQL (e.g. MS SQL Server)
Solid understanding of at least one high-level programming language (preferably Python or JavaScript)
Strong and effective communicator with the ability to communicate across various functions
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Proactive attitude towards data exploration and challenging the status quo
Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously
Basic understanding of business requirements and business acumen – a background in the medical devices / dialysis market is considered a plus but not a must
Excellent command in spoken and written English, additional languages (especially German) are considered a plus
Basic understanding of business administration
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies
Critical Experience:
University degree in business informatics, computer science, information system, economics or related field
Experience in data management and data warehouse design
Experience in data analytics / business intelligence using tools like MS Power BI, etc. is considered a plus
Experience with CRM software and back-end development is considered a plus
Our offer to you
There is a lot for you to discover at Fresenius, because we have a lot to offer. No matter in which field you are an expert (m/f/d) and how much experience you bring with you – for your professional future with meaning:
The opportunity to work on a mobile basis, individually in consultation with your manager
Whether in front of or behind the scenes – you will help to make better and better medicine available to more and more people around the world
Individual opportunities for self-determined career planning and professional development
A corporate culture in which there is enough room for innovative thinking – to find the best, not the fastest, solution together
A large number of committed people with a wide range of skills, talents and experience
The benefits of a successful global corporation with the collegial culture of a medium-sized company
Your contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Fresenius Medical Care
Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.