Jobs by email
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
Teamlead (m/f/d) - Computer Security Incident Response Team
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Vitesco Technologies is a leading international developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art powertrain technologies for sustainable mobility. With smart system solutions and components for electric, hybrid and internal combustion vehicles, Vitesco Technologies makes mobility clean, efficient and affordable. The product range includes electric drives, electronic control units, sensors and actuators, and exhaust-gas aftertreatment solutions. In 2020, Vitesco Technologies recorded sales of EUR 8 billion and employs almost 40,000 people at around 50 locations worldwide. Vitesco Technologies is headquartered in Regensburg, Germany.
Your tasks
The Teamlead (m/f/d) of the computer security incident response team (CSIRT) is part of the global VT IT Cyber Security Office. You will lead in the activities of a high functioning, small, expert team around the world that provides advanced cyber security detections, investigations, and analytic services in order to protect our company.
The CSIRT will be responsible for developing and executing standards, procedures, and processes to detect, response and mitigate security incidents.
Your new responsibilities:
Leading a global Team of Incident Response experts and managing the SOCaaS. Establishing and maintaining strong relationships across functional areas to facilitate Incident Response activities
Provide multi-year roadmap for Global CSIRT and SOC Service
Produce timely internal cyber intelligence reports to characterize threats based on observed cyber activity through incident analysis, proactive monitoring, and associated campaign tracking
Orchestrate necessary resources and initiate appropriate countermeasures in a timely manner in the event of confirmed incidents
Review on-going critical incidents to ensure response activities are complete, effective and follow standard Vitesco incident response practices
Proactively perform the following cybersecurity incident prevention activities, including but not limited to continuous threat analysis, scanning networks and hosts for vulnerabilities, coordinating the deployment of countermeasures, advising on security policies and architectures
Provide briefings and communication to Vitesco leadership and Vitesco business organizations management regarding emerging threats and ongoing security incidents
Your profile
Completed academic degree in Computer Science / Information Technology or comparable qualification
Long term professional experience in building and managing Incident Response and SOC Teams
Long term professional experience in the field of IT or Cyber Security
Several years of leadership and advanced project management skills experience
Strong knowledge of current security threats, endpoint security, techniques, and attack types, as well as a dedicated and self-driven desire to research current information security landscape
Experience with large scale and complex incidents of all types to include APT, DDOS, ransomware, web/mobile compromise, account compromise, data disclosures, etc.
Advanced English and German skills written and spoken
Ability to communicate complex and technical issues to diverse audiences, orally and in writing, in an easily understood, authoritative and actionable manner
Requires a level of cultural sensitivity and the ability to cooperate in multiple cultures due to global coverage of Vitesco Technologies
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.