Jobs by email
Diehl Defence GmbH & Co. KG
Systems Engineer (m/f/d) Guided Missiles
Überlingen am Bodensee
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
AT DIEHL: THE FUTURE IS IN YOUR HANDS!
Over 16,000 employees in our five corporate divisions Metals, Controls, Defence, Aviation and Metering are working on the technologies of today and tomorrow. Diehl Defence is a reliable partner of international armed forces and a leading supplier of defense systems across the globe. Apply to Diehl and discover fascinating technologies and a unique company tradition of stability and trust.
For our site Diehl Defence GmbH in Überlingen, Lake Constance / Germany, we are looking for a:
Systems Engineer (m/f/d) Guided Missiles
This is how you contribute to the success of our customers and our company:
As a sys­tems en­gin­eer (m/f/d), you will work with an in­ter­dis­cip­lin­ary team of in­tern­al and ex­tern­al spe­cial­ists developing solu­tions to chal­lenges at the edge of what is tech­nic­ally and phys­ic­ally feas­ible, in or­der to provide our cus­tom­ers with the best-per­form­ing guided mis­siles on the mar­ket and en­sure su­per­i­or ef­fic­acy for them. You will take re­spons­ib­il­ity for the suc­cess of our sys­tems throughout the en­tire product life cycle, from  the  ini­tial concept to discontinuation.
In co­ordin­a­tion with the cus­tom­er and in-house stake­hold­ers, you will de­vel­op and eval­u­ate sys­tem con­cepts ac­cord­ing to cus­tom­er-spe­cif­ic needs and re­quire­ments as well as con­sid­er­ing the re­use of ex­ist­ing sys­tems.
You are the driv­ing force in the team for solv­ing in­ter­dis­cip­lin­ary prob­lems. Your broad know­ledge en­ables you to mod­er­ate the discussion between the con­trib­ut­ing units and to con­ceive and se­lect suit­able solu­tions.
In par­tic­u­lar, you are re­spons­ible for the eli­cit­a­tion, ana­lys­is and man­age­ment of re­quire­ments for the sys­tem un­der de­vel­op­ment and for the de­vel­op­ment of strategies for sys­tem veri­fic­a­tion as well as for the de­vel­op­ment of the sys­tem ar­chi­tec­ture.
In highly dy­nam­ic project en­vir­on­ments, you cre­ate struc­ture and thereby en­able the team to real­ise com­plic­ated and com­plex sys­tems suc­cess­fully.
You will take on tech­nic­al lead­er­ship and will plan, man­age, and eval­u­ate in­tern­al and ex­tern­al work.
In ad­di­tion, you will sup­port com­mu­nic­a­tions with the cus­tom­er and supervise sub­con­tract­ors and part­ners.
What you bring into our team:
Your de­gree in en­gin­eer­ing, sci­ence or a re­lated field, e.g. aerospace en­gin­eer­ing, elec­tric­al en­gin­eer­ing, phys­ics or com­puter sci­ence, is a good pre­requis­ite for your suc­cess with us.
You con­vince us with rel­ev­ant pro­fes­sion­al ex­per­i­ence in the defin­i­tion and real­isa­tion of com­plic­ated to com­plex tech­nic­al sys­tems and ideally already have ex­per­i­ence in lead­ing de­vel­op­ment teams.
You are fa­mil­i­ar with sys­tems en­gin­eer­ing meth­ods and tools and have ex­per­i­ence in data­base-driv­en re­quire­ments en­gin­eer­ing, veri­fic­a­tion plan­ning and man­age­ment as well as mod­el-based sys­tems en­gin­eer­ing ap­proaches and ar­chi­tec­ture mod­el­ling us­ing SysML and ar­chi­tec­ture frame­works such as NAF or DoDAF.
You en­joy in­ter­dis­cip­lin­ary work and are able to think in com­plex sys­tems and ab­stract con­texts.
In ad­di­tion, you en­joy work­ing in a team, have a good com­mand of writ­ten and spoken Eng­lish, and are will­ing to ap­ply this in an in­ter­na­tion­al en­vir­on­ment. Ideally, you write and speak Ger­man, too, or have the will­ing­ness to learn Ger­man and to im­prove your lan­guage skills rap­idly.
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Diehl Defence GmbH & Co. KG
Alte Nußdorfer Straße 13, 88662 Überlingen am Bodensee, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates