Jobs by email
Continental AG
IT License & Contract Manager (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2020, Continental generated sales of €37.7 billion and currently employs more than 192,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.  The ContiTech business area focuses on smart and sustainable solutions beyond rubber and develops digital and intelligent solutions in future-oriented sectors. In doing so, ContiTech draws on its long-standing knowledge of the industry and materials to open up new business opportunities by combining various materials with electronic components and individual services. The products, systems and solutions developed by ContiTech are used both in the automotive industry as well as in railway engineering, machine and plant construction, mining, agriculture and other important sectors of the future.
Job Description
Please submit your application documents in English.
ContiTech, a group sector of Continental, is one of the world’s leading suppliers of technical elastomer products and is a specialist in plastics technology. ContiTech develops and produces functional parts, components, and systems for machine and plant engineering, mining, the automotive industry, and other important industries. Our Hanover location is seeking an IT License & Contract Manager (m/f/diverse) to join our team. 
Are you ready to challenge the organization and yourself? We enable you to master: 
IT License Management: 
Be the translator between Business and IT stakeholders 
Represent our Group Sector ContiTech in the Continental License Management Community. We count on you! 
Governance - design and shape new rules for the scope. Lead the creation of trainings to support our internal customers and policy enforcement. Your report designs provide additional guidance
Design thinking – take our IT License Management strategy to the next level. You are committed to efficient usage of Continentals’ license management platform
ContiTech continuously evaluates the market including strategic mergers and acquisitions. Your guidance is appreciated
IT Contract Management:
The negotiations are over and a new contract for IT services is required? Now it is your turn to steer the involved parties through the process. IT contract lifecycle management becomes part of your DNA. A great opportunity for you to grow
Your willingness and ambition to master the IT License and Contract Management at ContiTech ensures the added value we are aiming for
Start your journey with us now! 
Qualifications
Academic Degree in business economics, law, information technology or a comparable qualification
First experience in IT License Management metrics 
Ambitions to grow your knowledge in IT Infrastructure and Cloud Technologies
Basic knowledge in legal obligations 
Knowledge of financial aspects (e.g., budget, forecast, depreciation, investments, …)
Business fluent English and German language skills (written and spoken) 
Structured way of working, especially for reporting purposes 
Ability to communicate and present effectively at all levels of the stakeholder throughout the organization 
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits.
Click here to find out more:
https://www.continental.com/en/career/working-at-continental/what-we-offer/
  Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße 21, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -