Jobs by email
DR. JOHANNES HEIDENHAIN GmbH
Analog ASIC Designer (m/f/d) Development Engineer for Mixed-Signal ASICs
Traunreut (Raum Rosenheim)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
For over 130 years, the name HEIDENHAIN has stood for pioneering measurement and control technology. As a leading technology provider, we now drive advancements in automated manufacturing through our innovative NC controls and high-accuracy encoders in many industries, including semiconductor and electronics manufacturing. We are the perfect home for technology enthusiasts looking to have an impact. A large portion of our revenues are invested in R&D and staff training, ensuring secure employment and excellent career opportunities at our main office in Traunreut, Germany. Including for you!
Analog ASIC Designer (m/f/d)
Development Engineer for Mixed-Signal ASICs
Reference-No.: NT27675
Are you at home in the world of mixed-signal ASIC design? Would you enjoy being part of an interdisciplinary team of highly qualified experts in optics, electronics, mechanical engineering and manu­facturing technology, where you’ll play a key role in the develop­ment of pioneering, high-accuracy measurement systems? Then welcome to HEIDENHAIN!
Your mission:
As a member of the project team, you’ll be responsible for the full spectrum of mixed-signal ASIC development. This role will require your design skills from the get-go as you define the spe­cifications and functionality of “your” ASICs.
You’ll collaborate with team members to implement the wider system requirements in your ASIC specifications.
From there you’ll proceed systematically with additional de­velop­ment phases, from feasibility analysis and implemen­tation plan­ning to ASIC design, your core area of responsibility.
Using everything from simulation and verification to test develop­ment, you’ll ensure that your integrated circuits can immediately enter mass production without a glitch.
You’ll enjoy a particularly wide degree of design freedom.
A key aspect of your work will be the advancement of design and testing methods, as well as the testing of new system architec­ture approaches. You can also take on project management responsibility.
Your strengths:
Successfully completed academic degree in physics or electrical engineering
At least three years of relevant professional experience, or a PhD in the development of mixed-signal ASICs
Deep expertise in the use of modern design, simulation and verification tools
A benefit but not required: experience in ASIC development for sensors or for functionally safe applications
A passion for high-end products and measurement technology, and a desire to develop solutions for complex, interdisciplinary challenges
Strong communication skills and a team-player mindset that thrives in the interchange of knowledge between experts from a variety of disciplines
So much more than just a job
Made by HEIDENHAIN in Traunreut, Germany, with an eye to the long term
Sustainable development and long-range goals rather than short-term profit maximization
A chance to work with great industry minds and to advance your personal development
Openness for unconventional ideas and approaches: because the future favors the bold
High-tech, state-of-the-art work equipment
High quality of life at the foot of the Bavarian Alps near Lake Chiemsee
Attractive salary, profit sharing and a corporate pension scheme
Intrigued?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
DR. JOHANNES HEIDENHAIN GmbH
Dr.-Johannes-Heidenhain-Straße 5, 83301 Traunreut, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.