Jobs by email
ista SE
Software Engineer – Typo3 Frontend (*)
Essen, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
You want your work to have an impact. Real impact. Ever thought about where most CO2 emissions come from? It's not planes. It's not Bitcoin, either. It's buildings. So why not join a company that already measures energy in 5 million households? And help transform that data into actionable insights?
Working at ista is all about rethinking the use of energy and resources. For today. For tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. We provide smart solutions for a sustainable future, make complex data more transparent and have the courage to flip the switch to change. In our company with its family-like corporate culture and strong values, our 5700 colleagues in 22 countries make switching to smart devices and digital services in the real estate sector easy. As one of the market leaders, we offer the benefits and reliability of a large corporation combined with the open-minded atmosphere of a modern tech company.
At ista, your ideas can make a real difference. Apply now and join us at our international head office in Essen or in our office in Berlin as:
Software Engineer – Typo3 Frontend (*)
You will be a member of our “I find ista online” squad, within the Private and Business Clients Tribe of our Agile at Scale organization.
Your responsibilities
The ideal candidate will have a strong background in developing and maintaining websites using the Typo3 content management system, with a strong focus on frontend development. In detail:
Develop and maintain websites using the Typo3 CMS
Collaborate with the design and development teams to create visually appealing and user-friendly websites and help building a shared component library
Write clean, efficient, and well-documented code
Troubleshoot and debug any issues that arise on the website
Stay up to date with the latest web development trends and technologies
Your background
Strong experience with the Typo3 CMS
Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP
Experience with responsive design and mobile optimization
Strong understanding of web standards and best practices
Strong problem-solving and debugging skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English, German is a plus
Our offer
A modern workplace, either in our new offices at Berlin's Rosenthaler Platz or in our headquarters in Essen
Look forward to an attractive salary including vacation pay, 30 days of vacation per year, flexible working hours as well as the opportunity to work remotely
Stay curious and develop yourself further: Standing still is not an option for us, which is why we support you in every aspect of your journey – take advantage of our innovative training program, for example with courses from the online universities Udacity and Coursera. Lots of learning opportunities are waiting for you!
Do the right thing with purpose and a future: Our services save CO₂ and protect the environment – we are working for a sustainable world of tomorrow!
Experience a working environment full of trust: We all pull together
Have fun in a motivated team: Whether self-organized as well as cross-team coding dojos and hackathons, international soccer cup or ice cream for everyone in the summer – we always come up with something new!
Our team
Diversity, flexibility, fun at work and a great team spirit make our team special
We work in a dynamic environment according to agile methods
You can expect an open culture with a lot of room for new ideas and impulses
We hold great importance to direct communication and fair cooperation
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.