Jobs by email
ZEISS
IT-Application Specialist DAM and CMS (m/f/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
As IT-Application Specialist, you will be the technical owner with global responsibility for applications with focus on digital asset management (DAM/MAM) such as content creation and content management (CMS) applications. You will ensure the holistic process of optimal application operation, from the initialization and implementation as well as operation to the analysis of errors and faults, to their elimination, to the monitoring of the applications as well as the execution of functional tests.
Your responsibilities will include:
Close cooperation with the Product Owner of the DAM/MAM/CMS Application and support in the implementation of small to medium-sized digitization projects
Ensuring the operation of the application(s) in accordance with the contract SLA and business requirements of the product owner of the application
Provide Second and Third Level Support to all global ZEISS users. Act as global technical contact person for all users of the application(s)
Elaboration, planning and execution of integration and UAT tests within the scope of the implementation of the above-mentioned technical solution
Ihr Profil
Degree in business informatics, computer science, or similar or completed vocational training in the IT field with further training as an IT professional and relevant professional experience
Experience in digital asset management, content management, brand management and content control and real-time content distribution
Good knowledge of SaaS and cloud solutions as well as REST API's
Solid knowledge of HTML and CSS - Secure communication and presentation skills
Good English and German language skills, written and spoken
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Björn Fabian Scheben
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.