Jobs by email
Fresenius Medical Care
Senior Windows Server Enterprise Systems Engineer (m/f/d)
Bad Homburg bei Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
We provide medical engineering for millions. And yet for each individual.
Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal diseases. As a global health care company, we have  a special goal: provide the best possible care. Join us to improve the quality of life for a growing number of patients around the world and be a vital part of our team.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
Fresenius Medical Care – Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every day. More than four decades of experience in dialysis, innovative research, the global leader in dialysis services and products – that is Fresenius Medical Care.
Your assignments
Job Description:
The individual will be responsible for deploying and maintaining applications and environments that utilize automation, orchestration and monitoring tool sets. Oversee aspects of infrastructure integration, including configuration of new and existing systems on multiple platforms.
Advanced experience implementing, managing, and securing an enterprise Windows Server environment on-prem and cloud (AWS and Azure)
Strong Active Directory, Azure AD account and group administration
SCCM / MECM and SCOM experience required
Automation technology experience is desirable
Experience in VMware ESX virtualization platform and virtualization concepts in computing required
Knowledge of privileged identity and access management products
Windows file permission reporting and remediation
 VCP and/or Citrix certifications preferred
Advanced experience installing, configuring, testing and maintaining current Windows Server OS versions
Proficient with PowerShell scripting
Detect, diagnose and report problems on Windows systems
ServiceNow experience required
Other infrastructure duties as assigned
Must have strong communication skills
Participate in on-call-rotation
Responsible for deploying and maintaining applications and environments that utilize automation, orchestration and monitoring tool sets. Oversee aspects of infrastructure integration, including configuration of new and existing systems on multiple platforms
Perform the installation, design and tuning of operating system / hypervisor, hardware, and all related peripherals
Automate, facilitate and manage virtualized workloads in internal and external clouds
Operate in a small, dedicated, focused team
Operate in a very entrepreneurial manner with extreme customer focus
Automate provisioning, deployment and configuration of virtual infrastructure
Monitor and administer servers in the cloud and on premise
Your profile
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions
Occasionally lifts / carries object and materials weighing +30 pounds
SUPERVISION:
None
EDUCATION:
Bachelor’s Degree required; Advanced Degree desirable or equivalent work experience in lieu of
EXPERIENCE AND REQUIRED SKILLS:
Comprehensive related engineering experience required
Strong and proven Windows Server management experience on-prem / cloud with AWS / Azure
Strong Active Directory, Azure AD account and group administration
SCCM / MECM and SCOM experience required
Automation technology experience is desirable
Experience in VMware ESX virtualization platform and virtualization concepts in computing required
Knowledge of privileged identity and access management products
Windows file permission reporting and remediation VCP and/or Citrix certifications preferred
Solid Project Management experience on Infrastructure projects
Proven experience designing, deploying or operating virtualized applications / infrastructure in a public / private cloud environment
Experience in applicable operating system / hypervisor, applications, and networking protocols
Strong understanding of network fundamentals
Ability to analyze and problem solve under pressure
Must have excellent troubleshooting skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Your contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Fresenius Medical Care
Bad Homburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.