Jobs by email
Eaton Corporation
Continuous Improvement Manager PMCC Division (m/f/d)
Bonn
Permanent contract
Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Would you like to make a difference to the environment? Do you want to work for a global and ethical company? Join us and help us provide energy-efficient solutions that make a real impact. We make what matters work.
Build a culture for Continuous Improvement through the execution of Eaton Business System (EBS) elements with primary responsibility for Lean/Six Sigma (ELSS) and Continuous Improvement Framework (CIF) strategies to improve competitiveness and work towards achieving World class performance. Increasing the CI functional & organizational capability through development plans supported by effective coaching and mentoring to build the organizational depth for CI. Also deploy Lean, Six Sigma and Manufacturing Excellence tools and processes with an hands on approach in order to meet cost out goals, achieve performance excellence; Responsible for achieving lean / labor cost out targets and lead and coordinate the activities across the Division.
Ihre Aufgaben
Continuous Improvement:
Coach and support the Sites in developing CI roadmap and setting stretch CI goals to support the organization's strategy for Model plant status. Agree targets for CI progress aligned to the ES and corporate metrics and ensure data is added and verified in the CI dashboard on a monthly basis.
Conduct ELSS reviews / CIF Process checks to ensure Sites are maintaining their standards and action plans are in place to move to the next level in line with their CI plan.
Facilitate/Support/Lead Rapid Improvement Events (RIE), kaizen, Business Process Improvements and End 2 End Workshops to drive continuous improvement and overall competitiveness.
Champion structured problem solving including the application of PDCA to build organizational capability, shape the culture and eliminate root causes of problems.
  Best Practice
Spread a learning culture across the organization to promote sharing and implementation of transferrable practices between sites/region.
Promote Process standardization across the organization and integrate I4.0 solutions into the operating system model.in collaboration with manufacturing engineering and ES CI team
  Build Organizational Competency
Provide Functional coaching, mentoring, evaluation and development of Site CI leaders and also Site leadership team to integrate effectively CI into the management systems.
Support Site Leadership in the selection of Site CI leaders and provide key input to identify potential candidates for CI certification programs to feed succession planning and development planning.
Lead monthly reviews for CI from each site to review and update progress and performance to the roadmap and monthly objectives. Agree any recovery plan required and resources to support this.
Develop and support new initiatives and improvement programs including I4.0 related to manufacturing information / execution systems including Bill of Materials, Routers, Work Instructions, Process Standards, shop floor control and material planning to support business strategy.
Review/Assess standard competencies for ELSS/CI practitioners on an annual basis and finalize their development plans. Update the three-year overarching development plan for each CI Leaders.
  Others
Lead the Leadership Review for OpA self-assessments to ensure results are calibrated and sites are progressing to the criteria.
Support Sites for the Strategy Deployment process ensuring they identify stretch objectives and stay aligned to organizational objectives.
  Are you?
Ihr Profil
Bachelor’s degree in technical field required. Master’s degree preferred
Multiple site coordination experience is a must
Strong experience in Operational background and as CI Lead responsible with experience gained working in organizations of increasing complexity.
Technical knowledge: 1) SME for CI through experience and deployment .CI skills certified ; 2) Has delivered results in multiple environment: Startup, Steady state, and Turnaround; 3) Develop & implement CI strategy such as Plant CI Maturity development, CI roadmap & transformation plan to support business needs.
Business/Political Savvy, Ability to handle Multi tasks, Empowerment/Delegation (Sharing Responsibility), Customer Focus, Building Networks and Partnerships with Others, Strategic thinking, Problem Solving Mindset / Skill & Leading Change, enables digital Mindset, Learning & Driving Innovation
  Wir bieten
A highly engaged, motivated and innovative team of engineers
Cross-cultural working environment
Flexible work time
Varied and exciting challenges
Inclusion & Diversity - Openness to diversity widens our access to the best talent. Inclusion allows us to engage that talent fully
Great promotional opportunities – We encourage internal promotion, whenever possible
Learning & Development - We invest in our employees for the long term – not just with salary and benefits, but with ongoing learning and development opportunities
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Eaton Corporation
Hein-Moeller-Straße 7-11, 53115 Bonn, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates