Jobs by email
snapADDY GmbH
Backend Developer TypeScript - NestJS, PostgreSQL m/w/d
Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About snapADDY
snapADDY develops software-as-a-service to digitize the world of sales. With our products, we help companies automatically capture contacts and leads at trade shows and in everyday life. In this way, we reduce the unnecessary and cumbersome work of manually entering contacts and improve data quality in CRM systems. Our software solutions enjoy great popularity and are currently used productively by more than 2.000 customers: from start-ups to medium-sized companies and corporations.
Since its founding in 2015, the company has grown from a start-up to a team with over 70 international employees. In January 2021, we opened our second location in Vulaines-sur-Seine, near Paris. Our mission is to become the world's leading company that automatically keeps CRM systems up to date and provides the best quality way to capture contacts and leads.
Your daily doing will involve
Contribution to our backend services developed on a microservice architecture
Diversified tasks on NodeJS, NestJS PostgreSQL, Redis, TypeORM
Modern Infrastructure on AWS and Kubernetes
Take responsibility for projects and features
As part of our agile team, you will have your own responsibilities and tasks
Your profile
Passion for software development in the area of APIs, Databases and Backend
Collaborating with other developers and departments is enjoyable for you
Experience with modern JavaScript and TypeScript or willingness to learn
Structured, analytical, and independent way of working
An open and friendly personality who enjoys working with colleagues as part of a team
Our technologies:
Development in JavaScript and TypeScript
Backend: NodeJS, NestJS, TypeORM, PostgreSQL, Redis
Tools: GitHub with ZenHub, Slack, Github Actions, Ionic AppFlow
Hosting: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Lambda Functions, Kubernetes
Nice-to-have
Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Knowledge about APIs and Integrations of B2B applications like Salesforce or Microsoft Dynamics
What we can offer
Your own challenging area of responsibility, which you can significantly advance
No customer-related project work, but sustainable product development
Varied tasks in a motivated and dynamic team
Work in a fast-growing and successful tech startup with flat hierarchies
State-of-the-art tech stack, own infrastructure and DevOps team, dedicated UI/UX and QA team
Top equipped 750 m² office in Würzburg city center
Free drinks, ce
real bar and team events with team dinner Regular and free massage directly in the office
The best colleagues in town
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €