Jobs by email
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
Solution Architect Data Catalog (m/f/d)
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
The ALDI Nord group of companies is one of the leading food retailers. For over 100 years, ALDI has stood for the creation of the discount principle. Our mission is to provide people everywhere and anytime with their daily essentials: quality products at low prices - simply and quickly. This also includes making shopping as easy as possible for our customers. That's why we give our best every day and reinvent ourselves time and again. Combined talent and commitment - that is the POWER behind our success stories. Across Europe in 9 countries with more than 5,600 stores and more than 86,000 employees. We are: Simply ALDI. Powered by people.
Your tasks
Development of central frameworks for the data catalog to govern decentral usage across ALDI Nord's product teams
Gathering of use case requirements and design of end-to-end solutions for use cases in MVP state for the data catalog
Support of ALDI Nord's product teams with rollout and implementation of their data catalog use cases
Collaborating closely with data catalog developers and coordinating the development
Planning of software features as well as roadmaps, rollouts, and other timelines
Exchanging with other architects from different product teams to incrementally improve the data catalog architecture
Your profile
Masters Degree in mathematics, computer science, physics or in a similar field, or professional work record
Several years of relevant job experience in the implementation of Data & Analytics/Master Data products
Data-driven background
Optimally, experience with at least one data catalog and cloud frameworks
Very good written and spoken English and preferably German skills
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
45307 Essen, Deutschland