Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Cellular Protocol Development Engineer, WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Join the "Wireless Technologies and Ecosystems (WTE)” organization and be part of an outstanding team of engineers, working with multi-functional teams to drive innovation and develop products used by millions worldwide. We are looking for a highly reciprocal individual who can excel in a high-paced environment. Be ready to make something extraordinary when you come here. Dynamic, encouraging people and innovative, industry-defining technologies are the norm at Apple. The people who work here have reinvented and defined entire industries with our products and services. The same real passion for innovation also applies to our business practices - strengthening our dedication to leave the world better than we found it. You should join Apple if you want to help deliver the next amazing Apple product.
Description
Apple’s Cellular Software team is seeking talented, highly motivated and disciplined engineers to work across layers on groundbreaking cellular technologies. The position involves identifying, designing and developing core cellular technologies that solves everyday problems for customers using iPhone, iPad, Watch and other wireless product lines. The position includes also unit testing and end-to-end testing of the protocol stack software and complete support for the whole system verification.
We are passionate about keeping our users connected 24/7 wherever they go. This team takes pride in not just coming up with proven software designs but also in disrupting traditional models of the cellular ecosystem. We do whatever it takes to bring user experience to the next level. Our members enjoy the flexibility to work on all aspects of Cellular Protocol software - across all 3GPP Radio access technologies and iOS interfaces, to come up with the best possible solution for any given problem. Are you equally passionate about cellular technologies and have the dream to work on groundbreaking cellular technologies? Then we are looking for you. As part of this team, you will play a crucial role in delivering the next generation iPhone user experience worldwide.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Experience in Cellular networking protocols software and solid understanding of related 3GPP/ETSI standards is essential.
Knowledge of Cellular Protocol Stack-Access Stratum Layers and specific experience in 5G New Radio and LTE Radio Resource Control is a strong plus.
Strong Software Engineering skills including design, programming (using C, C++), scripting (Python preferred, Perl) and debugging
Highly motivated and self-directed, with flexibility to switch between multiple tasks
Excellent debugging and analytical skills
Solid understanding of 3GPP/ETSI standards
Hands on experience developing test specification, test case implementation and analysis of related defects in the code and design.
Thrive in a collaborative environment and can clearly communicate while confidently developing software in highly multi-functional projects.
Obsessively passionate and seek to solve everyday problems in innovative ways, with focus on the smallest details that are meaningful to our teams and customers.
Junior developers and graduates are also welcomed to apply if they had relevant studies/projects in Communication Software.
Education and Experience
Bachelors or Masters in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €