Jobs by email
Allianz Global Investors GmbH
Intern - Investment Operations/Valuation Team (f/m/d)
Frankfurt
Internship
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
About Allianz Global Investors
Allianz Global Investors is a leading active asset manager with over 600 investment professionals in over 20 offices worldwide and managing EUR 521 billion in assets. We invest for the long term and seek to generate value for clients every step of the way. We do this by being active - in how we partner with clients and anticipate their changing needs, and build solutions based on capabilities across public and private markets. Our focus on protecting and enhancing our clients' assets leads naturally to a commitment to sustainability to drive positive change. Our goal is to elevate the investment experience for clients, whatever their location or objectives.
Active is: Allianz Global Investors
Data as at 30 September 2022. Total assets under management are assets or securities portfolios, valued at current market value, for which Allianz Asset Management companies are responsible vis-รก-vis clients for providing discretionary investment management decisions and portfolio management, either directly or via a sub-advisor. This excludes assets for which Allianz Asset Management companies are primarily responsible for administrative services only. Assets under management are managed on behalf of third parties as well as on behalf of the Allianz Group.
Deine Aufgaben
Key Responsibilities
Implementation of new features in the HTML/Vue web front-end and Python back-end environment utilized in monitoring of valuation processes and reporting
Support in improving the CI/CD pipeline and the test coverage
Support in implementation of new machine learning algorithms in the context of the price and market data outlier detection
Key Requirements/ Skills/ Experience
Studies in the field of (Financial-) Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Software Engineering or comparable, with strong interest in new technologies
Strong programming background in Python including TensorFlow
Working experience with SQL, javascript, Vue.js, HTML and Docker
Working experience of Machine Learning and deep learning algorithms
Knowledge of data science, statistics as well as ability to interpret and analyze data
Understanding of cloud computing and cloud-based technology as well as experience in Azure Databricks will be plus
Strong interest in finance, high commitment, motivation and willingness to take on responsibility
The ability to work independently as well as the ability to work flexibly in a team environment
Very good team player with high motivation and positive work attitude
Fluent in spoken and written English
Dein Profil
Join us. Let's care for tomorrow.
At Allianz Global Investors our people enjoy motivating, fulfilling careers. If you are looking for a fast-paced working environment, you are resolved to cultivate and expand your talents and relish a challenge, then join us now!
We are committed to giving our people - experienced and energetic professionals alike - the opportunities and experiences they seek to thrive and gain personal fulfilment. We will work with you to craft your own career, develop your personal growth, and align your achievements with your ambitions
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Allianz Global Investors GmbH
60323 Frankfurt, Deutschland