Jobs by email
Uniper
IT Service Management Architect (f/m/d)
Hannover, Würzburg, Düsseldorf, Gelsenkirchen, Regensburg, Landshut
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
For our Service Management Operation & Integration team in Hannover, Würzburg, Düsseldorf, Gelsenkirchen, Regensburg oder Landshut we are looking for you!
Creates and maintains the IT Service Management architecture and processes towards the ITIL framework
Defines the ServiceNow interface roadmap aligned to the ServiceNow implementation plan and iterative functionality enhancements.
Setup rules and guidelines for organizing and managing service management organization, processes and tools
Coordinate with process and operational leaders and technical experts to ensure the process is aligned with the tooling
Supports strategic IT Service Management projects and works closely with all IT departments
Supports creating accurate documentation for ITSM processes and ensure processes are trained and understood
Acts as a first point decision authority for the Service Management team. Negotiates any service management architectural and process decisions with the Leading Decision authority.
Regularly reports progress on planned architecture initiatives and on any obstacles.
Collaborates with senior IT leadership team to develop a seamless, end-to-end IT services strategy and services architecture.
Supports the work of service process analysts and service performance analysts to design and implement best-in-class IT service standards and processes.
Your profile
Essential:
Bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, information systems, business administration, related field or equivalent work experience.
ITIL certification, or equivalent certificate, or experience.
3+ years of experience in managing an ITIL process in a multi-vendor ecosystem
10+ years of experience in IT Service Management across various architecture and delivery roles within organisations that span many physical locations, preferable across multiple countries.
3+ years as a service architect, including new architecture blueprint and roadmap development.
At least two, preferably more than three ServiceNow transformation or service improvement projects; at least one in a lead architecture role.
Excellent understanding of the ServiceNow platform, modules, and related ecosystem gained through experience in multiple transformation projects.
Demonstrated experience of influencing key stakeholders across the organisation and within complex contexts to negotiate key architectural direction and decisions.
A deep understanding of the business value potential of exceptional IT Service Excellence and operational performance.
Desirable:
Experience of green-field ServiceNow implementation and migration from existing ITSM tools to ServiceNow.
ITIL v4 certification.
Hands on experience with writing Service Operating Process and Procedures.
Third-party management skills, working closely with sourcing and vendor managers.
Build and implementation of Service Improvement Plans.
Ability to develop staff including coaching, mentoring and performance management.
Demonstrable skill in researching and developing business cases.
A track record in integrating IT controls and compliance into efficient operational processes.
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work. We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
30457 Hannover, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.