Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Front End CAD Engineer - Logic Equivalence
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Will you help us design future generations of revolutionary Apple products? Are you an engineer with a strong foundation and real passion for building new technologies? Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming outstanding products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Every single day, people do amazing things at Apple. Do you want to impact billions of users by developing extraordinary products with a prime focus on accuracy and performance of the product? You will become part of a hands-on development team that furthers engineering excellence, creativity and innovation. Dynamic, inspiring people and innovative technologies are the norm here. We want you to join our team if you are an innovative engineer with the dream to research and develop solutions that do not yet exist. Your experience and innovative ideas will inform the design of the next generation of our automations and flows. Your experience and insight, your skill at diagnosing the root cause of complex problems, and your ability to guide engineers who come to you with problems will be important contributions to an extended CAD team that comprehensively supports Apple’s chip design engineering efforts. You will work closely with EDA vendors to incorporate new capabilities of their commercial tools, and to resolve problems.
Tasks
In this role, you will own:
Developing, maintaining, and improving CAD applications for logical equivalence, - Supporting multiple frontend and physical design teams
Triaging and solving CAD flow problems, and working around 3rd party EDA tool problems
Driving bug fixes and enhancements to EDA tools
Collaborating with CAD engineers to integrate your solutions into their flows
General logic equivalence related flow development and support
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
The ideal Candidate Will Have 5+ years of experience working in an EDA/CAD tool development/support role
Expertise in Formality and/or Conformal is a plus
Expertise in Design Compiler or Genus is a plus
Prior experience scripting in PERL, TCL, or Python
Strong communication skills and previous customer support desired
Education and Experience
MS or BS Degree in technical discipline
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €