Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
IT Network Solution Consultant (f/m/d) Core Network
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Full time
E.ON Digital Technology (EDT) manages and implements with around 2,200 employees the digital transformation of E.ON. EDT is headquartered in Hanover, Germany and is internationally present across all E.ON locations.
At E.ON diversity matters. We welcome all people and are convinced that differences make us stronger. Become part of our inclusive and diverse company culture! We want the job to fit your life situation. Therefore, you can choose to apply in full or part-time.
We are looking for an IT Network Solution Consultant (f/m/d) Core Network to join our E.ON Digital Technology GmbH team.
Your task
Support larger strategic projects with network consultancy regarding placement of applications, new solutions or structural changes within the E.ON environment (on prem or cloud), considering E.ON Security and Architecture design requirements as well as the optimal end user performance experience from a networking performance point of view
Be a focal point for consultancy, coordination, network impact assessments and project completion of topics relating to the core network and data center networks
Support the identification of network dependencies and requirements
Work closely with the rest of Network Services, solutions designers and internal architects and their service improvement projects: e.g. micro segmentation, firewall harmonization, backbone routing and cloud connectivity.
Proactively engage the Business Units and application owners if concerns are seen within the Network Services operation as to the connectivity of applications or other network related services
Work on coordination of network solutions with affiliated IT units (Hosting, Workplace, Security, ...)
Create Technical Context Diagrams of Applications with the IT Service Owner and recommend fitting and secure connectivity options
Your profile
Solid knowledge of network technology (routing, switching, network protocols, other protocols), security architectures, client security, data protection
You have a Minimum of 5 years of work experience, and you can rely on experience and practical know-how coordinating with colleagues, stakeholders and suppliers
You rely on solid experience with IT / Infrastructure services and in the control and steering of service providers and ideally ITIL certified.
You have experience steering outsourced service providers, and a willingness to work in an international team.
Experience in SCRUM or other agile project management methods is desirable
Your personal qualities include a high level of motivation, a good ability to cope with pressure, mobility and willingness to travel
You speak very good German and English and are willing to work in an international team
Our benefits
Company pension scheme and company insurance worldwide
Exclusive employee discounts and subsidized canteen
Family Service (help with finding kinder garden, elder care, holiday entertainment)
38 h working week and 30 leave days
Home Office Option in consultation with the team
Parental leave for mothers and fathers is perfectly normal
Flex time account and 100% paid travel time including business travel (>50km) in first class by train
Additional benefits for people with a disability
Team-oriented international atmosphere
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
45131 Essen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.