Jobs by email
Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG
IT Solutions Engineer Frontend Development (m/f/d) Remote Option
Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Schaeffler is a dynamic global technology company and its success has been a result of its entrepreneurial spirit and long history of private ownership. Does that sound interesting to you? As a partner to all of the major automobile manufacturers, as well as key players in the aerospace and industrial sectors, we offer you many development opportunities.
Your Key Responsibilities
We - the Data Science Solutions (DSS) Unit at SCHAEFFLER are looking for you! In close collaboration with our business units, we create user-centric digital solutions on a global scale. In doing so, we use one of the most important assets of our company: data!
Our agile product teams consist of colleagues from all over the world. What unites them is cutting edge expertise in Data Science, AI and Machine Learning, holistic user experience, cloud computing and software engineering, data engineering & architecture. Award-winning applications speak for our success.
Your Key Responsibilities
Specification, implementation and documentation of web-frontends in collaboration with UI/UX experts in an agile environment
Integration with backend services in close collaboration with the backend development team as well as execution of codereviews
Continuous quality assurance and evolution of software solutions
Evaluation and documentation of new technologies and methods
Development of Java-based backend services, CI/CD as well as DevOps if interested and suitable
Working with cloud infrastructures und -services (ideally based on Azure)
Your Qualifications
University degree in (Applied) Computer Science/ Informatics, or akin qualification or alternatively, vocationally trained with corresponding experience
Deep knowledge and experience with Typescript and expertise with Angular
At ease interacting with people within and outside of the organization as well as strong analytical skills and ability to focus
Experienced in agile working environments based on Scrum and Kanban
Fluent in English spoken and written, German is also beneficial
Ability to take decisions and to be held accountable for them
Willingness to continuously expand your own expertise in an agile T-Shape approach
Strong analytical abilities
What we offer
Flexible working models and attractive remuneration
A modern, collaborative work environment
Targeted development and further training perspectives, accompanied by your personal People Competence Manager (m/f/d)
A wide range of personal development opportunities among other things via our own "SCHAEFFLER Academy"
A competitive company pension scheme
Numerous employee benefits, such as health and sports offerings and corporate benefits
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG
90425 Nürnberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.