Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Modeler / Business Data Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
   In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
   Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
   Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
   Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
The Data Modeler acts as a central point of contact throughout ZEISS MED for business, IT and R&D stakeholders; supports them in the data modelling activities for a defined data domain, ensures consistency between each business data models and assesses impacts of new projects on the existing data models
Key responsibility is: documenting, designing entreprise data models together with business experts and make them available to all stakeholders and maintains data models accurate overtime
These solutions support enterprise information management, business intelligence, machine learning, data science, and other business interests
Ihr Profil
3-5 years’ experience of hands-on Business / Enterprise data modelling documentation: conceptual, logical and physical relational, dimensional, and/or analysis methodologies
Experience in Microsoft Azure architecture and technologies
Experience in relational, dimensional, and NoSQL databases Good knowledge of metadata management, data modeling, and related data modelling tools required
Experience in handling several initiatives backlog and business stakeholders’ communica-tion and presentation
Working experience with business stakeholder in larger organizations ideally in an international work environment
Fluency in English
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Steffen Volk
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.