Jobs by email
Uniper
Working Student RPA (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
Our Corporate IT Department within Uniper IT GmbH is looking for you !
You will assist to further develop the organizational setup and processes
Together with a high performing team of IT specialist, internal customers, and peers you will support the project to Upgrade our automation solution
Support and administration of automation solutions
Able to support building APIs using REST and MS Azure extended services
You analyse processes for improvement potentials and evaluate them with regard to digitalization possibilities e.g. Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Power Apps / Power Automate
You create technical documentation and specifications
You structure this documentation on different internal platforms and create learning content for different internal teams
You work independently but are also a flexible team player
Your profile
You're studying computer science, information technology, economics, business administration or equivalent with a focus on Information Technology and/or Process Automation
You have some project experience and have worked with automation technologies and gained first knowledge in the development of software robots
You have great Microsoft Office skills - PowerBI and Power Automate is a plus
You're passionate about agile methods (e.g., Scrum, Kanban, Design Thinking etc.)
You have an analytical mind-set with the ability to manage and communicate solutions which focus on business value
You're curious to explore/support new functionalities that would aid our automation journey
You're business fluent in English (speaking and written), German will be nice to have
You can quickly familiarize yourself with complex topics, you are pro-active and have a "can do" mentality
Location: Düsseldorf & Home Office
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work. We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40221 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.