Jobs by email
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
Working student (m/f/d) developing in Python tests for our mobile communication tester
München
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 4 weeks ago
Save
With its leading solutions in the areas of Test & Measurement, Technology Systems and Networks & Cybersecurity, the Rohde & Schwarz technology group is one of the pioneers of a secure and connected world. Founded more than 85 years ago, the Group is a reliable partner for its customers from the private and public sectors around the globe.
Headquartered in Munich, Germany, the company has strong regional hubs in Singapore and Columbia, Maryland to coordinate business activities in Asia and the USA.
Join our Software Development Division in München (Germany) at the earliest possible date.
Your tasks
- Create, write and adapt test scripts in Python for SRI regression
- Extend the SRI regression test coverage
- Most of the test scripts should run as pure SW tests, but it should also be possible to run them on real HW/system (mobile communication tester)
- Interact with the developers to tailor tests
- Later: Analyse in case a test fails
Your qualifications
- Academic studies in computer science, electrical engineering or comparable field of studies
- Knowledge of Programming with Python
- Preferrably knowledge of Git and/or Jenkins
- Enjoys working as part of an international team
- Good knowledge of written and spoken English
Our offer
You can expect very good payment, excellent terms and outstanding opportunities for growth and development.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.