Jobs by email
Dennemeyer Group
IP Specialist (f/m/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
The Dennemeyer Group is a global full-service provider for the protection and management of Intellectual Property rights with over 55 years of experience. With 20+ offices on all continents, the group manages nearly three million Intellectual property rights of more than 3,000 clients. The service portfolio comprises legal services (Dennemeyer & Associates), IP management software and payment services (Dennemeyer IP Solutions), IP consulting (Dennemeyer Consulting) as well as automated semantic patent search and analysis services (Dennemeyer Octimine).
Team spirit and initiative are amongst your most prominent strengths and you are motivated to develop a long-term career in Intellectual Property, in a multicultural work environment?
 Apply now!
Your tasks:
Be responsible for our clients' property rights portfolios on a project basis, in particular this includes the formal processing of patents, trademarks, designs and utility models.
Independent and responsible input of data into the internal system as well as administration, maintenance and monitoring
Training of internal employees from other Dennemeyer locations with regard to formal processing of IP rights
If needed, provide support to other Dennemeyer Departments
Your profile:
Educational background in the IP area (e.g. apprenticeship as Paralegal, Patent Attorney Assistant or similar) or several years of relevant professional experience.
Customer-focused attitude, with high level of professionalism and discretion.
Precise and autonomous way of working with excellent organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities and track deadlines.
Fluency in English and German is mandatory (written and spoken); other languages are considered as an asset
What we offer:
Attractive remuneration package with various benefits and project-related additional bonus options.
Varied work in various projects and strong customer proximity and personal responsibility.
An international and dynamic, growth-oriented environment with flat hierarchies, open doors and short decision-making paths.
Flexible working hours and flexible home office options.
Various employee discounts, e.g. at the gym, shopping offers and subsidy for the company pension scheme.
Could we arouse your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Dennemeyer Group
Landaubogen 1-3, 81373 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -