Jobs by email
upday GmbH & Co. KG
Agile Coach (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
Company Description
upday is a media and tech company and the leading news app in Europe with more than 25 million MAUs. Founded in 2016 as a joint project between Axel Springer and Samsung Electronics, upday became profitable after just 3 years in the market.  
If you’re looking to join a dynamic and international team full of fantastic talent that has the energy of a start-up but the stability of an established media company - look no further, we are your match! 
Agile Coach (m/f/d)
Your Challenges
Coach teams in agile principles and best practices
Partner with product and engineering leaders to enable fast and high-quality delivery
Champion the use of flow metrics
Aim to reduce friction, unblock impediments, and find synergy opportunities inside of a team and across teams
Lead retrospectives and other meetings like problem-solving sessions, conflict resolution, release reviews, agile training
Create a culture that empowers self-organising teams with a culture of ownership and performance
Promote and support the growth of agility - at the team and company level
Your Profile
1-2 years of practical experience as Scrum Master or Agile Coach supporting teams in mastering autonomy and high delivery performance
Experience in diverse methodologies from Agile (SCRUM, Kanban,...) to Design thinking, OKRs, Lean, etc.
Strong leadership, mentoring, and coaching mindset
Excellent communication skills in English
Working with Digital Product and Engineering departments
Working in multicultural environments
Working in remote environment
Speaking german or another european language
Our Benefits
Why joining us? 
New Work atmosphere with flat hierarchies, fast decision-making processes and an inspiring high-pace environment 
A great opportunity to work with talented and diverse colleagues from different departments of the upday family (technology, product, marketing, editorial) 
In addition to free drinks, fresh fruit, you will receive discounts in the Axel Springer canteen|restaurant and benefit from other advantages of belonging to the company 
We are located in a brand new and terrific open-plan office in the heart of Berlin 
A lot of team building event such as summer party, lasertag, christmas party, boat party, karaoke 
Frequent pizza and beer events and afterworks on our 360 rooftop 
Queer seite regroups LGBTQIA + people working for AS group who organise events, talks and pushes LGBTQAI+ agenda within the AS group and drives new projects to make AS more inclusive
Every year we do an employee nps survey to measure satisfaction 
Feel free to check our alumnis reviews on Glassdoor & Kununu 
What we offer?
We provide an onboarding in terms of office equipment in all of the regions and countries through an external service provider (Mac or Microsoft notebook, and Samsung phone) 
We participate and or host a lot of amazing events such as Tech Con | Women in Tech | Women mentoring programm | Hackathons  | congresses | job fairs
We provide visa advisory support through a external service provider 
And of course the best: our Updudettes and Updudes! 
Are you interested? Looking forward to reading your application!
Because I am your contact partner for this position: Michelle Meitner.
In order to simplify the flow of reading, we restrict ourselves to masculine terms in the course of the text. Nevertheless, diversity is an essential part of our corporate culture! We are looking forward to receiving all applications regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity.
A small insight into how we live and implement diversity and inclusion at upday can be found here: https://www.diversity.axelspringer.com/di-stories/upday
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
upday GmbH & Co. KG
Berlin, Germany