Jobs by email
BioNTech SE
Software Tests Engineer*
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Become a member of the BioNTech Family!
As a part of our team of more than 4.000 pioneers, you will play a key role in developing solutions for some of the most crucial scientific challenges of our age. Within less than a year, we were able to develop our COVID-19 mRNA vaccine following the highest scientific and ethical standards - writing medical history.
We aim to reduce the suffering of people with life-changing therapies by harnessing the potential of the immune system to develop novel therapies against cancer and infectious diseases. While doing so, we are guided by our three company values: united, innovative, passionate. Get in touch with us if you are looking to be a part of creating hope for a healthy future in many people's lives.
Your tasks
Your main responsibilities are:
* Responsibility for specification, implementation, automation and execution of tests
* Active participation in driving projects toward automated continuous testing
* Responsible and decision maker for testing strategies within smaller projects
* Build up of know-how in a wide range of testing levels, methodologies and technologies regarding testing within agile software development projects
* Conception and development of tests for software projects in Web-, Cloud-, Embedded-, and desktop applications
* Create, maintain and use systems regarding documentation of both tests and their execution
* Support and enable agile software development teams in regard to testing their products
* Clarify story details with end-uses, stakeholders and development teams to create correct and testable software products
Your profile
What you have to offer.
* Bachelor's and/or master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical discipline
* Expert knowledge in either system or framework such as Ranorex and/or Zephyr scale. At least 3 years of relevant professional experience
* Knowledge of professional software engineering and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and CI/CD
* Knowledge and experience with software development methodologies from agile to waterfall
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills especially for technical content
What we offer
Benefits for you.
Company Pension Scheme
Childcare
Jobticket
Company Bike
Leave Account
Fitness Courses
Mobile Office
Special Vacation
... and much more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BioNTech SE
55131 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.