Jobs by email
Valeo eAutomotive Germany GmbH
Security Software Specialist (m/f/d)
Erlangen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
We will electrify you – become part of an innovative team
Thanks to its strategy focused on innovation, Valeo is at the heart of the three revolutions which are disrupting the automotive sector: electrification, autonomous and connected cars, and digital mobility. These are revolutions that Valeo has been able to anticipate and which today provide amazing career opportunities, including internationally! At Valeo, innovation is driven by the diversity, authenticity and energy of its talent. Are you looking for new technological and human adventures? Join Valeo and its 103,300 employees across 31 countries!
State-of-the-art powertrain technology for an electric future of mobility – that is our goal at Valeo eAutomotive Germany GmbH. In the Powertrain Electrified Mobility (PEM) business unit, more than 1,500 employees at the Erlangen, Herzogenaurach and Bad Neustadt sites are currently researching, developing and testing everything that drives an e-vehicle – in particular e-motors, e-axles and other HV components of the latest performance class.
Valeo eAutomotive is looking for a Security Software Specialist (m/f/d) at the Erlangen site with immediate effect.
Your new task – thrilling and future-oriented
You will support the projects in the planning and implementation of product-specific threat and risk analyzes
You will support the projects with security analyzes and the development of the security concept for the software
You will support the projects in developing the necessary security artifacts such as requirement specification, risk mitigation list, test cases and user documentation
You will focus on the topics of "Secure Architecture & Design", "Secure Coding" and "Secure Testing"
You will proactively and continuously expand security awareness and know-how within the organization (presentations, training courses)
You will specify and maintain guidelines for secure design, secure coding and hardening
You will participate in the investigation of security incidents and initiate necessary changes in the process, based on the "lessons learned"
You will carry out code analyzes to identify security vulnerabilities
Your qualifications – sound and specific
You hold a degree in electrical engineering or computer science or in a comparable field of study
You have several years of professional experience in the automotive sector with a focus on software/hardware architecture
You have experience in the implementation of security analysis and threat management (TARA)
You have in-depth knowledge of automotive embedded software development in the area of bootloader software (primary/secondary bootloader, flash bootloader, flash reprogramming, diagnostic services)
You are familiar with protocols for programming interfaces (UDS – ISO 14229, DoIP – ISO 13400) and bus systems (Can/Flexray/Ethernet)
You have in-depth knowledge of common 32-bit automotive microcontrollers (e.g., Infineon Aurix), as well as ideally initial experience in the use of HSM solutions in the embedded area and very good C knowledge
You have very good knowledge in the field of symmetric and asymmetric cryptography (AES, RSA, ECC), as well as in the field of embedded security (tuning/manipulation protection) and ideally first experience in dealing with hardware security modules (HSM, SHE, TPM)
You have strong position-relevant specialist knowledge, including with regard to methods and tools as well as standards and norms (e.g., CiSM, CiSSP, CEH)
You know how to convince through your analytical way of thinking and purposeful action, as well as your pronounced quality awareness
Professional experience with series projects in the automotive industry, the knowledge in AUTOSAR, Automotive SPICE is an advantage
You are fluent in English, speaking some German would be a plus
Your advantage with us – sustainable and international
MONEY. Our collective bargaining agreement is more attractive than you might think.
RELIABILITY. Our order intake is in the billions worldwide.
E-FUTURE. Together we are working on the mega issue of the automotive industry.
DEVELOPMENT. We offer and promote career opportunities worldwide.
FLEXIBILITY. Work models that harmonize their professional and private lives.
PARTICIPATION. Allowances for sports, health, retirement benefits, canteen and much more.
ELECTRICITY. Recharge your e-vehicle for free at our 80 charging stations on site.
This is how you get in contact with us – simply and directly
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Valeo eAutomotive Germany GmbH
Erlangen, Deutschland