Jobs by email
Schneider Electric GmbH
Internship / Working student/ Thesis Cross Platform Applications (m/f/d)
Marktheidenfeld
Bachelor dissertation / Master thesis, Internship, Student job, Industrial placement student
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 4 weeks ago
Save
 Don't want to just look over the manager's shoulder? Then You are exactly right with us. Boredom is out of the question - get an intensive insight into our company and find out what suits You the most! Are You interested?
From now on, we are offering You an internship in the area of Cross Platform Applications at our location in 97828 Marktheidenfeld. You will work with bleeding edge technologies to develop prototype applications working for multiple operating systems. With our hybrid model, You will not only have the opportunity to get to know Your colleagues on site, but also to work remotely from home.
Start Your professional life at Schneider Electric with a lot of personal responsibility, exciting work content and numerous development opportunities and apply now!
  Life Is On – what about You?
Your Tasks:
Get to know bleeding edge technologies like Tauri, Rust & Qwik.
Plan & execute the implementation of a cross platform application based on an existing windows application.
Work together with our cloud team to understand and use our API (Application Programming Interface) Services.
Learn about Software Desig & Architecture.
Get to know the best practices and share your knowledge with the team. 
Your profile
You show a strong interest in software development and cloud technologies and You have already dealt with Docker and Kubernetes in Your private life or at university.
You are fluent in English. German language skills are also an advantage.
You are familiar with development environments such as Visual Studio and VS Code.
You already have previous knowledge of programming languages such as C# or TypeScript.
You are studying computer science or something similar.
Independence is not a foreign word for You and You are a real team player. 
Your Benefits:
You can gain working experience in a global company.
You get varied tasks and responsibility right from the start.
At Schneider Electric You will immediately become part of the team.
We offer You an attractive compensation with many extras.
We allow You flexible working hours.
With us You have the opportunity to work remotely from home.
We offer You many development opportunities: whether it's a thesis, job entrant after Your graduation or a trainee position - decide for Yourself what suits You.
We give You space for freedom and creativity.
Doing well as part of Schneider Electric - the most sustainable company in the world. 
Your next step – apply, of course!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Schneider Electric GmbH
Schneiderpl. 1, 97828 Marktheidenfeld, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.