Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Expert DevOps Engineer for Mercedes-Benz SoftwareFactory (all genders) - in Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V502
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission
As Expert DevOps Engineer you will be working on MBition’s SoftwareFactory (SWF) for Mercedes-Benz, a large scaled CI/CD environment which is used to develop the Infotainment Platform, the car's main five ECU's (electronic control units) and many other products, building together the core of a Mercedes-Benz car. While providing standardisation, the CI/CD is flexible enough to cater for different needs. In SoftwareFactory we enable software engineers to continuously develop, integrate, deliver and deploy the mobility experience of the future.
At MBition you will become part of a collaborative and agile team with a mixture of all experience levels, nationalities and genders. You will also have the opportunity to develop yourself with a provided budget for further education and shape your career within MBition. Remote work within Germany is possible.
About the role
Act on department level by guiding our teams to run our scalable platform in high-availability
Be the go-to person for urgent issues related to our tools and enable all teams to provide a smooth service
Facilitate technical deep dive sessions and collaborate with peers to come up with smart solutions
Be responsible for driving the Software Factory's operational excellence to the next level
Work closely with a large network of key internal and external stakeholders
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Experience 
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting technical issues
Very familiar with DevOps, agile methodologies and a rapid development cycle
Multiple years of hands-on experience with complex infrastructure setups, preferably AWS
Very good understanding of network topologies, protocols and technologies
Experience with Linux as a development and target platform 
Extensive experience with CI systems
Hands-on experience with "infrastructure as code" best practices using tools like Docker or Terraform
Experience with scripting in a variety of programming languages
Nice to have
Degree in Computer Science Engineering, information technology or similar fields
Hands-on experience with GitLab, Jenkins, Artifactory, Grafana, Prometheus, Elasticsearch
Experience with different testing frameworks and their implementation in CI system
Embedded software development in C or C++
Yocto and its use in CI Environments
Familiarity with ASPICE
Personal skills
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Enjoying hands-on work as well as stakeholder management 
Excited to do technical deep-dives into tricky problems
Excellent organisation and time management skills
Aspiration to DevOps principles and engineering excellence
Language skills
Proficiency in English
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Daimler AG
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
Flexible working hours
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and work places offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.