Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Engineering Lead in-vehicle infotainment System Analysis Team (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V556
Aufgaben
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission
As Engineering Lead of System Analysis Team Reactive you will:
Collaborate and coordinate with project stakeholders, external partners, other engineering leads 
Lead, develop and empower your system analysis team 
Be responsible for hiring and professional development of a system analysis team
Remove the most important obstacles, make sure that your team is able to work
Provide guidance and concrete support for your team by backtracking the sneakiest cross-domain issues and finding appropriate solutions
Work with different systems and technologies, maintain the heat-map of challenging areas and ensure state of the art technical implementations in coordination with other engineering leads
Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education
Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Communication Technology or a comparable qualification
Experience 
Minimum 2 years of leadership experience in an agile organization
Extensive hands-on experience of embedded software development 
Minimum 3 years of system analysis management experience
Understanding of agile and classic development processes and tools
Solid knowledge of C/C++, Python, Shell
Fluency in Linux based analysis tools
Nice to have
Experience in automotive and/or infotainment products
Experience with large-scale Agile frameworks (SAFe, LeSS, Scrum@Scale)
Understanding of challenges and constraints within automotive domain and processes
Experience with Yocto build system, QNX, AUTOSAR classic/adaptive
Knowledge with automation frameworks and CI/CD
Personal skills:
Pronounced team spirit, well-developed teamwork and communication skills
High degree of independence, creativity, ability to cooperate, personal initiative, perseverance and resilience
Solution and goal-oriented way of working, strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
High level of commitment, willingness to learn and quick comprehension
Strong project and stakeholder management skills
Language skills:
Proficient in English, German is a plus
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
What we offer 
A chance to work on a new generation of infotainment systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Mobility Budget, Healthcare Budget & more benefits 
 Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
• Job title and reference number
• Salary expectations
• Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.