Jobs by email
tesa SE
IT Supply Chain Planning Specialist OMP (m/f/x)
Hamburg, Norderstedt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full-time
What you will do
Creation of the technical implementation concepts based on the business concepts created by the business
Configuration and programming of the technical concept in the planning tool OMP
Participation in projects for the further development of the system
Analysis and provision of solutions for faults/problems that occur
Support of the interfaces to SAP ERP and other systems
Support for business users
What you will need
Degree in (business) informatics, business administration or a comparable course of study
Very good supply chain planning process know-how (demand planning, distribution planning and production planning)
Technical understanding, analytical thinking and the ability to learn complex technologies on the job
OMP system knowledge and OPAL knowledge would be a plus
Very good communication skills in German and English
What you can expect
At tesa, we create sustainable adhesive solutions that improve the work, products and lives of our customers.
How we do it? At tesa, we dare to create! Therefore, we team up, we challenge ourselves and we set the pace. But we don’t just do that somehow. We act responsibly and always focus on our customers. Because only then we are able to achieve our goals and continuously improve our results.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and regard diversity as important for our long-term success. We expressly reject all forms of direct and indirect discrimination. All qualified applicants will be equally considered for employment regardless of their national origin, background, personal preferences and believes.
By applying you consent for the use of your resume for future opportunities within tesa.
If you want to find out more about tesa please visit us on our corporate web-page www.tesa.com and social media.
We offer:
Attractive remuneration
Flexible working
Further education and development perspectives
Interdisciplinary and cross-departmental career opportunities
Occupational pension provision
Numerous offers for employees, such as health promotion, sports and leisure activities, employee discounts, and much more (including tesa Bike, the company's own fitness studio, prevention options)
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates