Jobs by email
Continental AG
Continental IT Graduate Program 2023 (Trainee): Data Science/ Cloud Solutions/ Software Engineering / Cybersecurity
Hannover
Entry level / trainee
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Job Description
You have what it takes to start a career in IT?
You want to be inspired and inspire others with your ideas?
You bring the motivation, skills, and passion?
That's great!
You have the talent. We have the opportunity.
You are searching for opportunities to start your career in IT and you already know it should be specialized in the field of data science, cloud solutions, software engineering or cybersecurity? If this is the case the Continental IT Graduate Program “specific track” version is the perfect match for you! At Continental you will work on cutting-edge technologies in multicultural and high-performing teams.
You bring the skills and passion? We introduce you to various IT areas ranging from Customer Analytics, Dev Ops Engineering to Cloud Architecture and more. You’ll learn from some of the industry’s best experts in IT. You are looking for a challenge on a global level? We provide it. On our journey of innovation, we will shape the transformation process of an entire industry together.
The two-year Continental IT Graduate Program starts September 1, 2023 at our headquarters in Hanover, Germany. You will complete four six-month assignments in different Continental Group Sectors, IT departments and locations, of which one is abroad. These assignments will provide you with challenging projects and a series of specialized trainings, accelerating your personal and professional growth.
Ready to start your career with us? We offer you a fast track to a successful future within Continental’s IT organization.
For more detailed information on the program check also our career website our additional IT Graduate program option
Qualifications
Bachelor or Master's degree in IT or Economics/Engineering/Natural Sciences majoring in IT
First practical experience
Excellent English language skills written and spoken
Eagerness to learn and take initiative
Flexibility to adapt to different working environments
Capability to communicate and collaborate with various stakeholders
Fresh minded, result-oriented, structured, and self-responsible working style
Passion for innovative IT technologies
Additional Information
What you can expect
Contributing to projects involving latest technologies
Getting accompanied by an experienced mentor, who can help you to open doors on your career journey
Being part of multi-cultural and international teams with an agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to set the direction of your career at a global player
Permanent work contract offered directly
Flexible working hours and the option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
You offer your talent? We offer you a stage.
Continental is looking forward to your online application. Please attach your CV in English, as well as respective university certificates and internship confirmations.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Vahrenwalder Straße 9, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -