Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Customer Success Manager
Ludwigsburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch.IO GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Ludwigsburg
Your tasks
As the main contact person for up to two Bosch business units you are the interface between the Bosch Digital portfolio including different product areas and the business units as our customers. You consult and support the business units in the area of digital transformation and IT.
You maintain a close contact with the business units, understand their needs and requirements, and give feedback into the Bosch Digital organization. You manage proactively the customer relationship and the digital journey while observing the market developments. You plan, prepare and execute activities to ensure that Bosch Digital is involved in major digital and IoT activities within Bosch.
You clarify the requirements and participate in the development, implementation and successful marketing of IoT and digital business models. You ensure that the business units are served holistically and that projects are delivered on time and in budget. You support the business units in all phases of products, projects and solutions that require explanation. Therefore, you establish a good understanding of our offerings and a good relationship to the colleagues within the product areas of Bosch Digital.
You are a pioneer and companion for the Bosch business units on their way into the digital future. Based on your comprehensive understanding of the Bosch Digital portfolio and the needs of the business units, you provide decisive impetus for the further development of our products and solutions.
Your profile
Education: Studies in business informatics, industrial engineering, business administration or comparable
Personality: Self-motivated and assertive, pro-active problem-solving skills, persuasive
Working Practice: Independent, responsible, entrepreneurial thinking and acting, confident demeanor towards customers with the aim of establishing a long-term partnership
Experience and Knowledge: Several years of professional experience in sales or business development
Enthusiasm: High affinity for customer centricity, Internet of Things, digital business models, as well as collaboration with interdisciplinary teams
Languages: Very good German and English skills (both written and spoken)
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Grönerstraße 5, 71636 Ludwigsburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.