Jobs by email
Exyte Management GmbH
SAP S/4 Hana Solution Adoption Manager (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Your vision is ambitious. Just like ours.
Exyte is a global leader in the design, engineering, and delivery of ultra-clean and sustainable facilities for high-tech industries. With cutting-edge expertise developed over more than a century, we serve clients in the sophisticated markets of semiconductors, battery cells, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. Exyte offers a full range of services from consulting to managing the implementation of turnkey solutions with the highest standards in safety and quality to our customers worldwide. We create a better future by enabling key industries to enhance the quality of modern life. In 2021, Exyte generated sales of EUR 4.9 billion with around 7,400 employees worldwide.
Our people are our success. As one of us, you will contribute to engineering excellence for the high-tech markets of the future, including semiconductors, batteries, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. At Exyte, you will be part of a global community of challenge seekers who are ambitious and passionate about innovation. Together, we will build on our company’s long history and keep on leading the way to a better world.
Discover your exciting role
The SAP S4 solution adoption manager implements, manages and continuously improves digital employee experience (DEX), employee digital dexterity and application adoption and proficiency through the use of a SAP S4. The solution adoption manager plans and manages the implementation of in-application guidance to improve employee adoption, managed solution and optimal use of applications. The solution adoption manager will collaborate with the business and IT colleagues to drive adoption of existing applications and work with stakeholders to plan for new technology deployments to develop and execute successful adoption strategies. Ultimately, the solution adoption manager helps improve application return on investment by decreasing digital friction.
Explore your tasks and responsibilities
Develop and execute digital adoption strategy
Manage the digital adoption lifecycle:
Assess needs and develop use cases.
Design impactful in-app guidance.
Measure and publish reports on application adoption and proficiency.
Iterate to continuously improve business outcomes.
Assess adoption impact to all related services and guide all change requirements 360 degree
Identify and manage implementation of digital adoption solution projects
Communicate with all impacted stakeholders internal and external to guarantee an adequate smooth adoption experience
Monitor content and workflow usage and effectiveness to accommodate software and business process changes.
Measure digital employee satisfaction, engagement and productivity after changes have been implemented
Collaborate with IT, HR, L&D and operations colleagues to understand application usage requirements, workflows and features, then create content accordingly.
Baseline and measure business outcomes.
Ensure new applications and services are launched with and supported by SAP S4.
Leverage digital workplace champions and enablement agents for communication of new capabilities and collection of employee feedback.
Evangelize digital adoption within the technology organization, across the functions and with business-enablement teams to continue to source new talent to the team.
Show your expertise
Master’s degree in computer science, information-technology, engineering, system analysis or a related study, or equivalent experience
Certification or formal training for SAP S4
+3 years of experience in SAP S4 and its implementation
Experience with configuration management, SAP S4
Experience driving and reporting on digital workplace technology adoption.
Experience in project management and managing multiple projects simultaneously.
Experience with various modes of learning (eLearning, instructor-led, blended, job aids, etc.).
Experience with OCM/HCM frameworks.
Experienced with design thinking, including the development of persona and journey mapping.
Programming fundamentals such as JavaScript.
Ability to facilitate discussions and training modules, as well as to understand technical possibilities and limitations of the tools in order to brainstorm creative solutions.
Natural excitement and ability to learn technologies and explain technical issues to a variety of audiences, including enterprise architects, developers and management.
Passionate about digital adoption, with a consultative and customer service orientation
Pragmatic and detail-oriented.
Ability to gain agreement and support for ideas and initiatives.
Business-results orientation.
Ability to engage team members and business partners in the design process to ensure the solution design is flexible and addresses the unique needs of the learners.
Ability to develop solutions across learning modalities and tools without creating redundant solutions and ensure that continuous learning and performance support concepts are applied.
Maintains a maniacal focus on personal development to elevate professional knowledge and skill. Takes the same approach to business process improvement to enhance and drive the adoption of learning design standards. Maintains an outside-in perspective by building and maintaining peer networks.
Ability to quickly learn, implement and utilize new technologies
Get more than just a job
Engineer World Changing Facilities
Health & Well-being
Environment of Excellence
Career Growth
Commitment to an Incident-Free Workplace (IFW)
Global Opportunities
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Exyte Management GmbH
Löwentorbogen 9b, 70376 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -