Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
PhD in the area „Imitation and Reinforcement Learning for Behavior and Motion Planning“, Automated Driving starting June 2023
Sindelfingen
Doctoral thesis/State doctorate
Full Time
Published: 12 hours ago
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002H4E
Tasks
The Mercedes-Benz Group AG is one of the most successful automotive companies in the world. Together with Mercedes-Benz AG, the vehicle manufacturer is one of the largest providers of premium and luxury cars and vans.
We are committed to shaping the future of automotive mobility by developing highly automated driving systems for both highway and urban areas. Our development teams in Germany and California work with state-of-the-art technologies to develop innovative and class-leading systems to provide our customers with the best experience possible. To master this challenge, we are looking for energetic and committed PhD students to conduct research within our Vehicle Intelligence Team in Stuttgart.
The focus of this PhD thesis will be to investigate data-driven approaches to autonomously plan vehicle behaviors in urban and highway scenarios. In recent years, many public datasets have been made available by the autonomous driving research community (e.g., Argoverse, Waymo open dataset or the Citiscapes dataset from Mercedes Benz). However, how to make best use of these datasets to improve behavior and motion planning algorithms is still an open research question. Hence the focus of this thesis will be on imitation and reinforcement learning approaches, which can leverage such datasets offline.
The key challenge that will be addressed is linked to the inevitable distributional shift that happens when deploying data-driven planners online. For this, it is expected to survey the latest state of the art in offline Reinforcement Learning (RL) methods. Offline RL belongs to the family of counter-factual inference problems, which given a particular set of decisions, consist of finding better decisions leading for instance to safer and more comfortable driving behaviors. These are known to be especially challenging machine learning problems. You will be expected to make use of the latest machine learning techniques in uncertainty estimation, density estimation and distributional robustness to improve the state of the art in Offline RL and imitation learning for autonomous vehicles.
Responsibilities
Assessment of the current state-of-the-art in offline reinforcement and imitation learning.
Development of imitation and offline reinforcement learning algorithms.
Definition of metrics that describe the quality of a trajectory based on expert knowledge and recorded human driving data.
Implementation of a corresponding training and evaluation concept.
Integration of the developed methods into the AD software.
Evaluation of the developed methods in simulation, recorded driving data and real vehicles.
Qualifications
Excellent Master’s Degree in engineering, computer science, robotics or any related area
Excellent programming skills in Python or C++
Strong knowledge and in-depth understanding of machine learning techniques, especially reinforcement learning, imitation learning, neural networks, and the corresponding software frameworks (e.g., pytorch, tensorflow)
Experience with Linux and development on Linux Systems
Fluent English skills, Fluent proficiency in spoken and written German (optional)
Publication at a machine learning or robotics conference
Knowledge in the area of robotics and motion planning
Basic knowledge of ADAS/AD architectures
Excellent communication skills and desire to work as part of a global team in a multi-cultural environment
High intrinsic motivation to perform cutting-edge research
Highly self-organized
Additional information:
Would you like to write your doctoral dissertation in cooperation with Mercedes-Benz Group AG? We offer you an international network of experts, research materials, insights into our work and a personal mentor who will serve as your contact partner in addition to your doctoral advisor at your university.
Please apply exclusively online and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form. Please find the criteria of employment here. Citizens of countries outside the European Trade Union please send, if applicable, your residence / work permit.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: SBV-Sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
Please understand that we do not accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or t he Chat-Bot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.