Jobs by email
FANUC Europe Corporation
Internship (m/f/d) | Business Intelligence
Echternach
Internship
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
FANUC is the world-leading provider of factory automation. Did you ever wonder how your phone was made? Or what process your car had to pass for it to be able to  drive? There is a high probability that FANUC was involved!  Our machine range includes a number of Robots, Cutting, Drilling, and Injection molding machines, Laser, motors and control systems that are essential to the automation industry.
  As a global player, FANUC offers the best of both worlds – international career opportunities in a balanced environment and a dynamic company where people are the center of all activities. We manage diverse projects, we are passionate about our work and due the continuous process, we set trends in the international automation industry.
FANUC Europe Corporation is the European Headquarter in Luxembourg. Our 300+ employees provide a full range of services to our 20+ European subsidiaries. With over 20 different nationalities represented in our HQ, we look forward to having more ambitious, team spirited people joining us, who like to work independently and speak their mind, seeking to continuously improve and maintain our healthy, professional and friendly workplace.
Who are we? Take a look!
Our European IT department is looking for an intern to support in our BI Team!
Your tasks will include:
Support our team in advising our customers in all questions concerning Business Intelligence & Data Analytics
Assist in the creation of various reports and modifying FANUC's data models
Gain insights into the technical conception and operative introduction of new BI systems
Having impact on organization’s strategic, tactical and operational business decisions
Your Profile:
Currently enrolled as Bachelor or Master student and pursuing your studies in business or information technology
Interest in design and implementation of Business Intelligence solutions or reporting
Knowledge of following tools would be a plus Excel, Power BI, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Analysis
Services, Visual Studio, Dataedo, tabular editor, dax editor
Analytical thinking and a methodical approach
Team player and motivated to work in an agile work environment
Well-structured and organized work habits
Fluency in English is mandatory, other languages are considered as an asset
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and intercultural competence
Good knowledge of MS Office
What we offer:
You will be given a 360° insight to a European IT department that supports European business in a variety of different areas. You will get the opportunity to work in a global environment and a dynamic company where people are the centre of all activities. We manage diverse projects, we are passionate about our work and due to our continuous development process we set trends in the international automation industry.
English is our company language. Therefore please ensure that you send your application (cover letter and CV) in English for smoother processing.
Please note that we are located in the Industrial Zone in Echternach. It is recommended that applicants have a personal vehicle, as public transport options are limited
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
FANUC Europe Corporation
rue Benedikt Zender 7, 6468 Echternach, Luxemburg
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -