Jobs by email
Allianz Investment Management SE
Digital Transformation Manager (m/f/d) in Investment Processes and Digital Transformation at AIM SE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Allianz Investment Management (AIM) is the investment management arm of the Allianz Group, responsible for managing the risk/return profile of its approx. € 800 bn investment portfolio. Our global network of more than 500 employees in over 60 countries is organized in regional hubs located in Munich/Stuttgart, Milan, Minneapolis, Paris, and Singapore. It offers multifaceted career opportunities for outstanding investment talents.
AIM provides the perfect opportunity to embark on or continue your international career. AIM continues to grow and supports its employees to do the same. We believe that work should be rewarding, and that good work should be rewarded. We offer opportunities and strive for excellence. And our actions are guided first and foremost by high ethical standards and our sense of commitment to society.
Job purpose/role
AIM Investment Processes and Digital Transformation (IPDT) is responsible for the architecture and design of investment processes and IT tools, data management processes, selection and steering of service providers, project management, Protection and Resilience, alternative assets implementation and IT budget management. Thereby driving the digital transformation of AIM SE.
The Digital Transformation Manager is an associate position responsible for the setup, the steering and the implementation of digitalization projects , in particular for supporting Investment Operations, which contains  Transactions Securities, Transactions Loans, Global Payments & Liquidity and Cash Management. 
These projects are mainly focused on strengthening the shared service platforms and  the analysis and implementation of digital solutions. Additionally you will support the international AIM Hubs on specific digital projects (esp. on topics such as Power BI, RPA development and application). Depending on the project it is required to build interdisciplinary agile project teams involving experts from other entities in AIM and externally. You keep up-to-date with digital trends and best practices by peer exchange.
The role covers a broad range of AIM and Allianz internal interfaces (especially Investment Operations and various AIM Hubs) as well as interfaces to internal (e.g. AZ Technology, IDS) and external service providers (e.g. digital solutions providers). You will report to the Team Head of IPDT Provider Management and P&R.
Key responsibilities
Management of digital transformation projects within AIM SE and all AIM Hubs
Support AIM SE Investment Operations in digital transformation projects
Set up, lead and orchestrate digital initiatives
Keep AIM SE at the cutting edge of digital developments and strive for tangible implementation along the business needs of AIM
Liaise and closely interact with different digital solutions providers – internally and externally 
Key requirements / Skills / Experience
Strong academic background with focus on digital solutions for investments/finance
Minimum 2 years of working experience
High interest in technology and the various areas of digitalization
Experience in project management would be advantageous
Ability to manage complex interfaces and multiple stakeholder interests
Open to change and innovation
Very high collaboration attitude, customer and team orientation
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Allianz Investment Management SE
Königinstraße 28, 80802 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.