Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Data Engineer for AI Enabling (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
In recent years, Bosch has established the Bosch Center for Artificial Intelligence (BCAI), a world leading enterprise research center for artificial intelligence. In addition to cutting-edge research, the BCAI has the mission to enable Bosch employees in data-driven methods. For that purpose, BCAI’s Enabling team has developed an education portfolio to train engineers with different backgrounds in state-of-the-art data-driven technologies, such as distributed systems, databases, automated data pipelines, and data integration.
As a Senior Data Engineering Trainer, you will contribute to the future of the Enabling Team. Your task will be to guide experienced Bosch engineers in adding the Data Engineering competency to their profile. To that end you will design and conduct trainings as well as exercises.
You will assume a mentoring role in complex data engineering projects that have a significant impact on Bosch global business. In doing so, you will get a unique insight into the different business areas of Bosch.
Being in this central role, you will have the opportunity to shape Bosch's global data strategy in various ways.
To keep sharp, you will have the opportunity to work hands-on, be it on our own training infrastructure, or on different strategic projects.
Your profile
What you bring to the table:
Education: excellent degree (PhD/Master) in computer science, natural science, engineering or a related discipline
Personality: excellent communication skills and drive to make a difference
Experience and knowledge: teaching complex topics, Big Data concepts (e.g., data warehousing, data integration, metadata management, distributed systems, cloud computing, automation, etc.) and technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Spark, Kafka, Airflow, Kubernetes, etc.), general software engineering and programming
Languages: fluent in English, German is a plus
How you'll benefit:
We offer the opportunity to work from home. You may choose the amount of time you work from home freely. Our only condition is that you live in Germany while you work for us.
You will enjoy a great deal of autonomy and we always welcome innovative initiatives.
By the nature of our team's mission, your tasks and responsibilities will be quite diverse - no chance of getting bored.
Please add all relevant material to your application like a motivation letter and your certificates. Furthermore, feel free to add a link to any source code repository you might have.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.