Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Owner Modular Product Architecture (f/m/div.)
Wernau (Neckar)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Thermotechnik GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Wernau (Neckar)
Your tasks
Bosch Thermotechnik (TT) is one of the most successful provider of HVAC solutions worldwide. Therefore, we have to serve diverse markets and customers all over the world. The high market coverage and our ambition to respect local market demands lead to a high internal complexity in our products. Application of modular product architecture (MPA) enables to provide requested product variety and, simultaneously, reduce internal complexity by promoting technical solutions which can be re-used in various products across the portfolio.
As a part of our team, you will be responsible for the modular framework that enables the implementation of the MPA. You will also continuously improve the framework, take care of its governance and maintenance, and map the framework in our IT systems.
You are the owner of the modular product architecture (MPA) framework and are responsible for the governance and maintenance, continuous improvement of the framework as well as the rules related to overarching component responsibility and standardisation.
In addition, you will foster and moderate the exchange between the business units with the target of aligning the solutions across the module portfolio and therewith drive the standardisation and reuse of parts/components.
Furthermore, you will be responsible for the IT integration and data quality of the MPA framework, such as in team center, SAP and the engineering change Toolset in TT. You will lead a small team to support you in this task.
In our team, you measure MPA-related KPIs, evaluate them and discuss measures to improve them with the business units.
Last but not least, you are an expert in modularisation and advise the business units on architectural decisions to ensure the stability of the modularisation concept in TT.
Your profile
Education: successful degree (PhD, Master, Diploma) in Engineering Sciences such as Physics, Computer Science, Engineering or comparable
Experience and Knowledge: several years of experience in modularization
Personality: goal-oriented, flexible and highly motivated
Working Practice: analytical, structured, creative, independent and strategic thinker
Languages: very good in Englisch written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Junkersstraße 20-24, 73249 Wernau (Neckar), Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.