Jobs by email
European Patent Office (EPO)
Solution Architect (m/w/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Solution Architect
The European Patent Office (EPO) is in the midst of a major transformation, building a DevOps practice and making agile principles a reality. It's like nothing we've ever done before!
Our mission is to support innovation, competitiveness and economic growth across Europe. We pride ourselves on taking innovation seriously and are fully committed to our digital transformation.
Whilst preparing our next strategic plan, we are seeking talent to reinforce our teams and prepare the next generation of tools and practices, to increase the productivity of our workforce.
Your tasks:
Cloud Computing and / or experience with Cloud technologies – (eg: GCP, AWS, Azure)
Development experience with Java / Springboot Microservices
Understanding and experience of smart-building and IoT technologies and related implementations
Technical expertise in the areas of digital facilities management, building management and security systems, and wireless, mobility and sensor technologies (Smart or Digital Buildings)
Continuous integration and delivery (Helm, Github, ArgoCD, Github Actions)
Considerable experience in web content management and website-related solution creation and development
In-depth experience with end-to-end solution creation from vision to operation, including
CI/CD concepts
Experience with digital workplace and collaboration tools
For more detailed information please click on the “apply” button.
Minimum requirements:
Diploma of completed studies at master's level or – in exceptional cases – equivalent professional experience
Excellent knowledge (at least C1) of one official language (English, French and German) and the ability to understand the other two; alternatively, excellent knowledge (at least C1) of one official language and the willingness to learn the missing language(s) and to reach level B2 within a set time frame
Citizenship of one of the member states of the European Patent Organisation
What we offer:
An opportunity to participate in complex IT projects at the heart of the EPO's digital transformation initiative
Daily collaboration with a diverse, hard-working and united team of highly skilled and dedicated professionals from all over Europe
Self-development opportunities through a broad range of training activities provided by our Talent Academy
A challenging yet highly rewarding working environment
A comprehensive and family-friendly benefits package
A flexible working model
Access to a wide variety of social activities and clubs
Flexibility to work in either Munich or The Hague
Process:
The successful candidates will be selected on the basis of qualifications and relevant experience, supplemented as appropriate by interviews, tests and/or a personality questionnaire.
Key information
Job group: 4
Grade: G7 to G10 (net basic) monthly salary* for this vacancy: EUR 6 459 to 9 364, depending on experience and location)
Duration of appointment: Five years
Career path: Technical
Location: Hybrid based in Germany (Munich) or The Netherlands (The Hague)
Application deadline: Spring 2023
Interviews planned: April, May and June 2023
* after deduction of EPO-internal tax and before deduction of staff contributions to the social security and pension schemes.
We welcome all applications for vacant positions. We consider each on its professional merits – regardless of your nationality, ethnic origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, parental responsibilities, age, religion or belief.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.