Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Subject Matter Expert for Cyber Defense Fire Drills (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As a Subject Matter Expert for fire drills, you will coordinate cyber security fire drills/crisis exercises within the Bosch Group.
You will design fire drill scenarios and coordinate external partners.
You will be responsible for the organization, moderation, and evaluation of fire drills.
You drive lessons learnt sessions with the involved parties.
You will work closely with the Bosch Cyber Security Strategy team, business units and Incident Response team to enhance the overall Bosch cyber security posture.
Your profile
Education: Completed university studies with a focus on information technology (computer science, IT security, etc.) or comparable qualification, preferably with a PhD
Personality: High communication competence and the ability to communicate across management levels
Working Practice: Strong analytical skills and the ability to collaborate effectively within and across teams
Experience and Knowledge: Experience in the field of Fire Drills/crisis exercises, business continuity, Incident Response or working in a Cyber Defense Center
Languages: Very good communication and presentation skills in written and spoken English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.