Jobs by email
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Product Owner Global Logistics Outbound (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Tomorrow is our home.
Find out how you can enjoy, grow and perform at BSH Home Appliances Group: As a leading manufacturer of home appliances and solutions, we encourage commitment and open-mindedness among our employees. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff as well as our local brands, our focus truly is on innovation. And that doesn’t just apply to our products and services, but also drives the way in which we cooperate, exchange ideas and organize our teams. Everyone is invited to make their individual contribution to our overall success. Join us now and give your career a home.
Product Owner Global Logistics Outbound (m/f/d)
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Full time / Part time |
Munich
Your responsibilities
You will be working in an exciting, international environment and contributing personally with your logistics and IT knowhow to the company’s success. Open minded consultant, development and architecture teams, challenging tasks and projects in global IT programs are waiting for you
Own the application SAP TM within the area of sales logistics and governance role for roadmaps, template processes in alignment with other modules
Develop and drive high standardized logistic capabilities in an agile team
Align and manage the backlog including stakeholder expectations and project team
Identify customer needs and continuously improve the value of the product
Steer budgets, various teams and external vendors
Your profile
University degree in computer science,  informatics, engineering or an equivalent subject
3+ years of experience as product owner with cross-functional, multicultural teams and agile methods (SCRUM, SAFe etc.)
Deep understanding of SAP Distribution solutions, i.e SAP S/4HANA, SAP R/3, SAP LES, SAP TM and logistic processes in large organizations
Strong communication, collaboration, organizational skills and an agile mindset
Fluent in English and also in German mandatory
Your benefits
Modern and diverse working methods and technologies
Individual development programs
International perspectives and diverse career opportunities
Attractive, employer-funded company pension plan
Flexible working time schemes and mobile working
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Carl-Wery-Str. 34, 81739 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates