Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Information Security Expert (m/f/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg), Jena, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
 Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Guide subordinates within the scope of the related subject areas
Oversee & develop security measures in related subject areas, incl. technical advisory on these
Act as functional lead for related subject matters
Act as advisor on solutions & best practices to support implementations of the related subject areas across the organization
Act as advisor on solutions & best practices to support projects (advise, consult, coordination of related subject areas)
Coordinate the cooperation with other departments & functional areas on related subject matters
Advises stakeholders (teamleads/employees, customers, stakeholders, and/or functional peer group managers) on related subject matters to achieve goals in innovative, creative, novel and effective ways
Responsible for planning, coordinating, controlling and execution of subject areas:
SME - SE.09. Access Control
SME - SE.20 - Cloud Security
Security for Directory services
Ihr Profil
Studies in the field of InfoSec (Bachelor's or Master's degree) or equivalent combination of education and working experience
Long-term experience in various information security roles with international scope
Long-term experience in related fields of expertise
Broad & comprehensive expertise or specialized knowledge on:
IAM & Directory Services
Cloud security
Recognized as a master in the related subject areas
Strong analytic and communication skills, including:
Ability to solve very complex tasks and problems, applying innovative thinking
Ability to correlate technologies, understand complex environments, business requirements, incl. expertise on emerging/brand-new technologies
Ability to apply innovative, creative, novel and effective ways
Ability to interact with subordinate employees, stakeholders, incl. functional peer group managers, involving matters between functional areas, other company divisions or units
Self-driven, results-oriented approach to work
Ability to work under pressure and make sustainable decisions in time-critical situations
Proactive attitude and high degree of independence
Strong program and project management skills in international and complex environments
Certifications such as CET, CCSP, CAP, GCLD, GCSA, GPCS
English (fluent), other languages of advantage
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.