Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
DevOps Engineer Cloud Big Data Platform (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As DevOps Engineer for Cloud Data Platform services you act as IT Operation/Infrastructure Specialist.
You drive industrialization of the cloud based Manufacturing Data Platform through further automation of deployment, configuration, upgrade, and maintenance processes.
Part of your work also entails developing new Manufacturing Data Platform features supporting workload automation, monitoring, and enhanced usability.
In your responsibility lies the development of scripts for automation (deployment, configuration) and monitoring, as well as providing expert product support to Bosch business units (e.g. root-cause analysis of non-standard issues).
Your tasks also include testing and evaluating new product features in close alignment with project stakeholders, internal customers, and vendors.
Furthermore, you consult internal customers on technical level regarding tool selection, code quality, connectivity topics and workload performance.
Your profile
Education: completed university degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Natural Science or related fields
Personality: resilient, team-oriented
Working Practice: initiative, goal-oriented
Experience: experience (hands-on) as Software or DevOps engineer in cloud based Data Lake and Analytics environments; experience in Big Data designs, architectural blueprints, in the cloud concept IaC (infrastructure as code e.g. Terraform); experience working in larger projects, including multiple customers and international teams
Knowledge: knowledge in data processing with Big Data frameworks (e.g. Spark), in version control tools (GIT, Bitbucket) and in CI/CD Pipeline tools (e.g. Jenkins, Azure DevOps), in in scripting languages (e.g. Python, C, Scala) and in Microsoft Azure Analytics ecosystem (ADLS, Functions, EventHub); ability to move easily between conceptual and implementation level
Languages: good English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.