Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Functional Owner for MB.OS Logging and Monitoring (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 hour ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0002FTX
Aufgaben
About the role:
Within the MB.OS organization we share the vision to speed up our Mercedes-Benz vehicle software development. That is, from idea to prototype implementation in 24 hours and from prototype to customer delivery in 3 months. To support the development organization our team provides a logging&monitoring solution, that will span multiple vehicle system generations and vehicle programs.
The Functional Owner (FO) defines which functionality shall be provided to the end-users of the logging and monitoring solution (SW-developers, system integrators, QA, …) and works in close cooperation with the product owner (PO) and trace architect. From a Product Owner (PO)'s perspective, the Function Owner (FO) is a main customer of his product.
Our department is responsible for the overall topics of Data and AI. Current projects are for example the unified data collector, customer feedback loop and cloud gateway.
Our team consists of 15 highly motivated developers that work on various challenging projects that drive our MB.OS vehicle data collection capabilities
We work across domains like driver assistance (ADAS) and infotainment (MBUX)
Your main tasks will be
Analyze the needs of different end-customers (SW-developers, system integrators, QA, …)
Define Requirements, e.g. describe the needs that a given stakeholder has and how that stakeholder will interact with a solution addressing those needs
Specify constraining requirements, i.e. aspects that will limit or influence the design of the solution, e.g. resource utilization constraints, security issues, license/certification compliance, etc.
Report to MB.OS project management on the current state of features and relevant releases
Regular meetings with internal developers and suppliers to plan and define feature sets for upcoming releases
Test and verify the feature sets described in the requirements as ready for release
Main contact person for System Integration, Quality Management, and Carline for the topic of Logging and Monitoring for the relevant ECU (e.g. CIVIC)
Qualifikationen
What you bring to the table:
Degree in one of the following: information technology, electrical engineering, or a comparable qualification
Excellent know-how in automotive embedded software development
Practical experience in agile software development
Practical experience in software-QA and test processes, methods, and technologies
Basic Know-how in C and C++
Basic Know-How in software development for cloud-services and back-end systems
Self-management abilities
Excellent Communication and Teamwork Skills
Fluent English and German skills
For your planning we would like to make the process transparent for you:
The application phase will run for approx. 6 weeks, i.e. until the beginning of May 2023. The coding tests and selection interviews will then take place in May, so that a decision on the suitable candidate will be made by June. The earliest possible date for recruitment is therefore July 2023.
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.