Jobs by email
Höchstleistungsrechenzentrum der Universität Stuttgart (HLRS)
Software Engineer for Quantum Computing (f/m/x)
Be an early applicant
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The High-Performance Computing Center Stuttgart (HLRS) was founded as Germany's first federal high-performance computing (HPC) center. It operates one of the fastest super­computers in the world and offers a wide range of HPC solutions and services for universities, research institutions, and industrial partners. Furthermore, HLRS holds a leading position worldwide in the research areas of engineering and global system sciences. Staff scientists at HLRS investigate emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) and quantum computing (QC), and HLRS is significantly involved in international and national research projects across all research areas mentioned above.
Connect supercomputing with quantum computing
Soon, quantum computing (QC) will very likely accelerate many applications, whereby some parts are performed in a classical way on current computers, and other parts are computed on quantum processing units. Consequently, the new computing that we will see will be hybrid, with loose or tight integration between classical high-performance computing (HPC) and quantum accelerators. As a high-performance computing center, we want to better understand how this type of coupling can be achieved, both on a hardware and software level. This also applies to (new) programming models, for which high-level languages under this paradigm have yet to be proposed that can access these QC accelerators using ideally the same paradigms like with current accelerator technologies such as GPUs or FPGAs. Quantum computers will be an accelerator for unique problems and challenges, and thus it is crucial to analyze and research already today, how to solve these problems more efficiently and demonstrating them by means of real-world use cases.
HLRS is currently building its capacity to investigate quantum computing and possibilities to couple both HPC and QC. For this reason, we are looking for a
Software Engineer for Quantum Computing
(100 %, f/m/x, up to TV-L 13, scientific employee)
HLRS_15_2023
to work on a national research project (SEQUOIA End-to-End) that focuses on realizing end-to-end QC solutions for real-world problems.
The advertised position offers the opportunity to complete a doctorate degree, which is actively supported by HLRS.
Your job
Developing application-specific benchmarks that enable an understanding of the current and expected performance of quantum computers for industrial applications.
Evaluating QC solutions based on performance, solution quality and scalability; compare them with classical solutions on HPC.
Implementation of QC applications with an industrial focus, e. g., route planning in supply chain management, quantum-based numerical flow simulations, and applications involving artificial intelligence.
Installation and usage of quantum simulators and SDKs including Qiskit, Cirq, and PennyLane on HLRS’ infrastructure.
You will apply your project management expertise to steer the work and monitor its progress towards the defined goals. In this context, you will represent HLRS at internal and external meetings, and write scientific and technical reports.
Your qualifications
You have successfully completed a university degree in engineering, mathematics, or a comparable information technology subject.
Good knowledge in the field of quantum computing (QC).
Very good mathematical understanding and knowledge in numerical methods including linear algebra
Very good algorithmic knowledge and programming skills in Python and at least one other high-level language such as Java, C/C++, or Fortran.
You are fluent in German and English, both written and spoken.
You can work in interdisciplinary teams.
Ideally, your profile is completed as follows
You have already used quantum computers (e. g., IBM Q System One) or implemented solutions with Qiskit, Cirq, or PennyLane.
You have basic knowledge of high-performance computing (e. g., simulations, parallelization, job management) and artificial intelligence.
You are familiar with agile methods of software development.
You have experience with version control systems like Git or SVN.
You think conceptually and have a solution-oriented way of working.
As a member of our team you can expect
A professional working environment in a highly motivated international team.
Exciting insights into the latest and best technologies in the fields of simulation, big data, artificial intelligence, and quantum computing.
A very good working atmosphere in an interdisciplinary team of top scientists and project partners.
Flexible working hours, including choice between trust-based working hours or a flextime model.
The possibility of arrangements for working independently of location (e. g., home office) (dt. ortsunabhängiges Arbeiten).
Contract and remuneration according to the collective agreement of the federal states (TV-L).
Attractive social benefits of the public sector.
Allowance of -25 per month for local public transport.
Use of the wide range of further education and training opportunities (e. g., soft skills, languages, specialist courses, management seminars) and the sports facilities of the University of Stuttgart (on-site and virtual).
Additional information
This position is a temporary position offered in accordance with the Part-time and Fixed-term Employment Act (TzBfG) for scientific employees. Employment in this position is limited to the duration of the project, which is currently scheduled to run until 31.03.2024. Salary for this position is based on your personal qualifications up to the level of TV-L 13. Please note that the position is subject to final funding approval.
When possible, HLRS is committed to supporting and retaining talent even at the conclusion of projects. Before the project ends, HLRS will examine what possibilities might exist for extending your contract based on funding that is available at that time.
You will be working at HLRS within the Service Management and Business Processes (SANE) group headed by Dennis Hoppe.
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Höchstleistungsrechenzentrum der Universität Stuttgart (HLRS)
70569 Stuttgart, Deutschland