Jobs by email
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
Business Consultant Intranet Solutions (d/f/m)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
At Henkel, you can be a game changer and craft your career. Unleash your entrepreneurial spirit by bringing your ideas to life within a global team. Our leading brands and technologies, along with our high-performing businesses will provide you with countless opportunities to develop your skills and explore new paths. Your career at Henkel will contribute to a more sustainable future, while you grow within our vibrant, diverse culture of trust and belonging. If you're up for challenging the status quo, join our team of pioneers and make your mark on the future with us.
Do you dare to make an impact?
JOB ID: 23044996
YOUR ROLE
Join a team of passionate experts to provide advice, consultancy, support and solutions to the relevant business or functions process with regards to IT solutions along the technology roadmap
Facilitate and implement best practices and innovative solutions, design concepts and user stories for end-to-end processes in close collaboration with business experts
Act as the main dx Counterpart for Corporate Communications and Henkel's global digital Hub as main entry point for all employees around the globe
Steer and manage implementation, development and operation of solutions and enhancements together with the technology consultants, developers and specialist within Henkel as well as with external partners
YOUR SKILLS
University degree in Information Technology, Business Informatics or similar
+5 years experience in IT Business Consulting, Agile Project and Stakeholder Manangement
Outstanding stakeholder management and communication skills both oral and written paired with the ability to tailor the message to various audiences, exceptional customer service skills, including the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of customers
Deep knowledge of out-of-the-box features in Microsoft 365 Apps like SharePoint, Yammer, and others
Experience in Microsoft 365, Power Platform, Solution Architectures and Development capabilities
Nice to have is knowledge with SharePoint Framework (SPFx) and Office Add-In development
Knowledge of Microsoft Office 365 strategy and accompanying technologies
Excellent written and verbal communication is a must
English and German language skills
Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to gender, origin, culture, mindset, generation, disability, religion and sexual orientation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
40589 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates