Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Engineer (m/f/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Be one of the “go-to persons” and together with your colleague be responsible for our ZEISS Group Management Reporting database and ZEISS Group planning solution in all technical matters
Contribute to further improving our existing system, while be open-minded for new developments within the BI ecosystem of ZEISS
Work closely together with other data engineers within the team and be their sparring partner
Work with multiple stakeholders across the global ZEISS organization to maintain and further develop our reporting system from the backend
Ihr Profil
An excellent technical or University Degree in Business Informatics, Business Management, Information Technology, or a similar field paired with a passion for data
Experience with OLAP databases, preferably Oracle Essbase
Experience in data modelling, e.g., SQL
Experience in batch programming
Experience in working in the role of a Data Engineer
Solid understanding in finance topics, like consolidation and KPI calculation
Solid understanding of budgeting and forecasting processes • High affinity and passion for numbers and data
Fast understanding of processes
a pragmatic, proactive, dynamic, open-minded, and team-oriented personality
Fluent English and German language skills
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Annett Burger
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.