Jobs by email
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
Software Developer Digital Online Sales (f/m/x)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002F7I_EN
Tasks
A great place to work: Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG (MBM), as a mobility and financial service provider of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, is one of the best employers in Europe and operates worldwide. With our Digital Solution Center Europe, we want to further advance our claim to a best customer experience and the implementation of mobility services. Would you like to become part of the team?
We urgently need reinforcements in our Digital Sales Platform (DSP) team. We are internally developing a digital eCommerce platform that meets today's requirements of an online marketplace and supports the customer journey - from vehicle selection to activation and support of financial contracts (e.g. leasing, financing or rent). We want to implement different services for the various modules such as customer data collection, identification, online credit check, eSignature and eContracting as well as contract activation and seamless handover in the after-sales processes. We are integrated into the process and system landscape of Mercedes-Benz and operate worldwide. A professional customer experience and the creation of a globally creative system landscape are our focus. That's why we need your support to be able to develop the individual modules efficiently and with high quality internally.
Your tasks in detail:
As a software developer (f/m/x) for digital online sales, you design and develop API services for a responsive web applications
Your goal is to implement different services along the customer journey and thus to continuously develop the digital sales platform product
Based on state-of-the-art technologies (Java, Git, Jenkins, Azure) you integrate software into our Git repository and ensure our continuous delivery approach through automated testing
You participate in the analysis, planning, and execution of IT-enabled business solutions
You take user stories created by Product Owners and determine and define the technical aspects of the user stories
You work hand in hand with various professional and technical contacts and are part of a successful development team with 5 other developers
You master problem situations through an appropriate problem analysis and the initiation of adequate measures
You assist in quality assurance of the implementation, taking into account maintainability and specifications regarding data security, load, performance and similar non-functional requirements
You clearly document solution and product architectures and maintain documentation for existing and future products
From the management of our development, integration and acceptance test environments to the development of test strategies and concepts for test automation: As you can see, the tasks are comprehensive and varied, just right for IT professionals like you!
Qualifications
Your Education, Work experience, and Competencies:
Bachelor Degree Information Technology, Computer Science, Software Engineering or the like
2+ years’ experience in software development projects
Proven track record in developing and implementing digital projects
Interpersonal skills to interact with diverse teams
Able to communicate – in writing, verbally, and visually; and ability to reduce complex subjects to succinct information
Fluent written and spoken English, knowledge of German would be helpful
Strong solution orientation and problem solving skills
Automotive, Finance or Banking Industry domain knowledge is a definite plus
Your Technical Competencies:
Experience in Technologies including Java and Spring Boot
Knowledge in SQL/POSTGRES database
Use code versioning tools (such as Github)
Knowledge of related trends such as DevOps, Performance Engineering, Containers (Docker)
Knowledge in IT-security
You can convince others to get excited about your ideas
Benefits:
Company pension scheme
Attractive annual cars in the purchase and rental model
Flexible working in flextime and mobile working possible
Internal company health insurance with attractive health promotion
Internal further development possible through in-house career program
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.