Jobs by email
Next Kraftwerke GmbH
Kubernetes Engineer (f/m/d)
Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
The Power of Many!
Would you like to join us in shaping the transformation of our energy system? Then you've come to the right place! We operate one of the largest Virtual Power Plants in Europe with more than 15,000 networked power generators, consumers and storage facilities. With a team of around 250 people, we are working on the realisation of a sustainable power market – at our location in the heart of Cologne-Ehrenfeld, in our European branches and, of course, also while working from home.
Kubernetes Engineer (f/m/d)
As part of our agile team, you are responsible for the further development and operation of our K8s clusters together with the teams involved. You will work with different teams (from ops and dev) on these tasks and your results will make everyone’s life easier. As a developer and operator of critical infrastructure, you will leverage the latest technologies and methods to meet our high security standards. Nevertheless you enable us to be innovative and adapt fast to market changes.
Whether full-time or part-time – let us know how we match up on this point.
We work with:
GitLab CI, Argo CD, Nexus, Infrastructure-as-code, Kubernetes, Rancher, RKE, Terraform, Ansible, Prometheus Stack, Loki Stack, Kyverno, MetalLB
Python, Go, Java, PHP are used by the developers
Jira, Confluence
This is what you like
You find it great to derive stable, standardized, and scalable solutions from a variety of different requirements and to implement those successfully.
You are innovative and like to experiment with new tools and technologies.
Process efficiency, security, automation, standardization, testing – you are enthusiastic about these topics.
You rely on proven concepts such as infrastructure as code, automation/orchestration and software testing.
You like to work with DRY and K.I.S.S. in mind.
These are your qualifications and skills
You have successfully completed a degree in (business) computer science. Alternatively, you have completed an apprenticeship with an information technology focus or you have appropriate professional experience in the IT environment.
You are familiar with technologies and tools such as Kubernetes, RKE, Terraform, Prometheus, Loki , Kyverno or similar.
You have Linux and network knowledge. You are also experienced in at least one scripting or programming language (e.g. Bash, Python) and you are adept in using the command line.
You ideally have experience designing and operating highly available K8s clusters (on-premise) in highly regulated and secure environments.
In addition to your technical know-how, you are highly customer and team oriented. You have an eye for the essential, place much emphasis on transparency and you communicate openly and directly.
You speak English fluently.
What’s in it for you?
Hybrid and flexible work
Further education opportunities
Free green electricity (electricity allowance)
Jobbike
Sports offers e.g (Urban Sports Club, Yoga courses)
Employee assistance program
That is what our colleagues say:
"In our autonomous K8s team we develop and operate on-premise K8s clusters with high security and quality requirements of the energy market. Here you will experience the adventures of the K8s team, who set out to discover unknown worlds, unknown life forms and new civilizations. This is great for me, it’s challenging and fun." 
Kenan, Kubernetes Engineer at Next Kraftwerke
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Next Kraftwerke GmbH
Lichtstraße 43g, 50825 Köln, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Home office
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.