Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
(Senior) System Engineer (m/f/d) - Asset & Config. Mgt.
Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries.
The Asset Management team is responsible for designing, developing and operate technology to provide services all around asset and configuration mgt. throughout the company. Join us if you want the opportunity to actively shape the way asset & configuration mgt. will be introduced and worked with to make an impact on the entire company.
Your tasks
Planning, developing and operate Asset Management & Configuration solution
Implement business / product team requirements / use cases
Maintain collected asset / CI data
Requirements
Experience in cloud technologies, including virtualization, networking, identity, storage, backups, resilience, and disaster recovery
Profound knowledge and practical experience in the conception, integration and operation of applications
Basic knowledge in data models
Basic skills in Java/ Groovy and bash scripting
Readiness for independent and team-oriented work
Organized and analytical way of working
Good communication and collaboration skills
Good German and English skills in wording and written
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. When you are ready to learn more about us, just drop us your application right below!
Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Ingolstadt, Deutschland