Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software Engineer (m/w/d) for the ramp up of production lines
Hildesheim
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Hildesheim
Your tasks
Develop the programming and setup of PLCs for the start-up of automatic machines in our production lines
Programming, debugging and commissioning of PLCs
Contribute and support the ramp up phase in international assignments of our new production lines in Germany, Czech Republic and USA
Ensure the implementation and support of Hard- and Software for complex production processes and tools on machine and control level
Standardize software parameters of machinery within international production network
Acceptance of the production lines’ new work stations at our sites in Germany, Czech Republic and USA
Troubleshooting, problem solving and implementation of improvements
Work in collaboration within the project management and cross-functional teams
Your profile
University degree electrical engineering, automation, informatics or similar
Technical understanding for systematic products in e-machinery/mobility
Expertise in PLCs Programming, preferably in Structured Text Language
Experience in hard- and software for automation/PLC of electrical machinery is welcome
Systematic, analytical way of working as well as problem solving skills
Team competency, initiative, taking accountability, resilience
Strong communication and organizational skills along cross functional teams.
Fluent English skills and open to do international travels 
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Straße 200, 31139 Hildesheim, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.