Jobs by email
Airbus Group
IT Security Engineer (d/m/f)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
Combat Training is responsible for the provision of Training Solutions and Training Devices to national and international customers. Information Security Engineer will be part of  the TASTS6 Future Training Solutions department and will have responsibilities in the implementation of safeguards to computer networks and simulation's assets. Information Security Engineer will implement security measures to protect information and monitor actions on sensitive data in order to satisfy the principles of Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of the simulation systems.
Your location
Located about an hour's drive north of Munich, Manching is an up-and-coming market town that offers a wide range of leisure and cultural activities. Here, you can enjoy the quality of life in the countryside while the pleasures of near-by cities are still within easy reach.
Your benefits
Attractive salary including holiday pay, Christmas bonus and profit sharing
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, public transport subsidy, discounts at local businesses
On-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten nearby
Your tasks and responsibilities
Collaboration in development of security plans and policies
Development of information security requirements
Continuous investigation for security breached and for implementation of security enhancements
Systems monitoring and auditing security logs especially on systems logs and access logs.
Implementation of protections, OS Windows and Linux patches installation, software installation, firewall configuration.
Implementation of security controls and secure configuration of networking switches.
Installation and configuration of antivirus software.
Performance of periodic scans of network for vulnerability discovery, penetration testing to highlight system weaknesses.
System monitoring for security breaches
Recovery policy establishment and backup/recovery system design and implementation
Desired skills and qualifications
Completed studies in a relevant field
Knowledge of information security principles and standards ISO/IEC 27000 ISMS series & knowledge of BSI “Grundschutz” Standards and protection guidelines
Experience in system administration role
Experience in configuration and hardening of Linux systems & Windows systems & networking equipment
Experience with antivirus software and firewall filtering
Knowledge of disaster recovery procedure and backup systems
Team player as part of an international project environment
Good communication and coordination skills, fluent in English and German
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Manching, Deutschland