Jobs by email
ALLES.AUTO AG
Mulesoft Anypoint Platform Developer (m/w/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
ALLES.AUTO is the new digital platform around the topics of car buying and car ownership.
We are the digital car dealership of the future with our own software-as-a-service solution developed by the trade for the trade. As a cross-brand e-commerce marketplace, we map all the offers of the stationary car trade online: New and used vehicles, workshop services, accessories as well as all relevant services in the area of payment, leasing, financing and advice.
ALLES.AUTO was launched under the leadership of AVAG Holding SE (one of the largest automobile trading groups in Europe) and converted into a public limited company in autumn 2022. As a joint venture of several large automobile trading groups and other players in the automotive industry, ALLES.AUTO AG operates independently on the market and continuously strives to expand its shareholder base.
Our platform www.alles.auto has been live since December 2022!
Therefore, we are expanding our team and are looking for reinforcement for the following position:
Mulesoft Anypoint Platform Developer (m/w/d)
Am Standort München
Sie übernehmen folgende Aufgaben:
Developing and deploying Mule applications: You are responsible for designing, developing, testing, and deploying Mule applications to the Anypoint Platform, ensuring they meet the requirements of the project
Building and configuring API gateways: You build and configure API gateways on the Anypoint Platform, including creating policies and managing security
Integrating systems using Anypoint Connectors: You are working with various Anypoint Connectors, integrating systems such as Salesforce
Designing APIs: You are designing and developing APIs to be used by other systems or applications 
Ihr Profil:
You have significant experience working with Anypoint Platform, including building and deploying Mule applications, creating and configuring API gateways, and managing API implementations
You are proficient in working with various Anypoint Connectors, including Salesforce
You have experience working with CloudHub, including deploying and managing applications on the CloudHub platform
You are proficient in using Anypoint Studio
You have experience integrating systems using various protocols and technologies, including REST, SOAP, and JSON
You have experience in designing and developing APIs, as well as working with API management tools such as Anypoint API Manager
You are able to communicate effectively with team members, stakeholders, and end-users, both verbally and in writing
Wir bieten
We promote you: Personal and professional development opportunities are guaranteed by our strong and long-term growth. You can expect challenging and interesting tasks in an exciting work environment.
Your opinion is important to us: work independently and contribute your ideas. Flat hierarchies and short decision processes are self-evident to us.
We offer you: a permanent contract, a fair salary and 30 days of vacation. As long as it is not necessary due to a project or if you coordinate with your colleagues, we offer flexible working hours.
Here you can feel comfortable: Not only because you get everything you need, but also because we have an office dog, plants in the office and other classics. You can look forward to a creative working atmosphere and plenty of room for innovation. 
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ALLES.AUTO AG
Von-Kahr-Straße 2-4, 80997 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Extra day off
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.