Jobs by email
Bosch Rexroth
Full Stack Developer (w/m/div.)
Lohr am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Rexroth
Economical, precise, safe, and energy efficient: drive and control technology from Bosch Rexroth moves machines and systems of any size. Under the global Rexroth brand innovative components, tailored system solutions and service offerings are marketed for Mobile Applications, Machinery Applications and Engineering and Factory Automation.
The Bosch Rexroth AG is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Lohr am Main
Your tasks
Help shape the digital future of Bosch Rexroth: You will work across interfaces in a cross-functional, agile and international team implementing the digital strategy for Rexroth. To achieve this, you will work in several strategic projects which comprise the new cross-functional Digital initiatives in Rexroth. You will work closely with our internal and external partners in the field of IT and digital.
As a Full Stack Developer (f/m/div) you will design and implement software solutions in a multi technological environment like web, enterprise or desktop applications. You will translate business needs into technical solutions. You will collaborate with stakeholders to understand their needs and priorities.
Responsible for harmonizing overarching development activities and explore new technologies.
You will implement applications (frontend, backend, database, etc.) and services and integrate them into the corporate IT.
Furthermore, you will focus on fostering our digital transformation by supporting our digital products and associated service delivery.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies in computer science or similar education 
Personality and way of working: team player, pronounced result (MVP) and solution orientation as well as a self-organized and agile working style 
Experience and Know-how: you are familiar with state of the art technology frameworks for web & enterprise solutions as well as paradigm like REST or OOP; the understanding and application of different programming languages such as Typescript, JavaScript, Java, HTML, CSS or .NET are an advantage; you are passionate about writing well-structured, efficient, and maintainable code, actively keeping the quality of the code base in check
Languages: good command of German and English, both written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Rexroth
Zum Eisengießer 1, 97816 Lohr am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -