Jobs by email
Ericsson GmbH
Innovation Developer (m/w/d)
Herzogenrath
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
As the tech firm that created the mobile world, and with more than 54,000 patents to our name, we-ve made it our business to make a mark. When joining our team at Ericsson you are empowered to learn, lead, and perform at your best, shaping the future of technology. This is a place where you're welcomed as your own perfectly unique self and celebrated for the skills, talent, and perspective you bring to the team. Are you in? We are now looking for skilled and experienced SW developer to join our Extended Reality (XR) team in Herzogenrath, Germany. As a developer, you will work with an international team on cutting-edge technologies for Metaverse and Holographic Communication. Your role will include all SW development activities from ideation, prototyping, integration, and validation.
Innovation Developer (m/w/d)
Location: Herzogenrath
Req.ID: 714995
You will:
be working in an agile team
focus on innovations development
develop competence in technical domain, with a special interest in software design & architecture
contribute to the development of the next generation of XR applications
develop your own competence in the technical domain
To be successful in the role you must have:
Education: Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Telecommunications, Computer Science or comparable
2+ years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (C++, Python)
Previous experience with iOS (Swift) and/or Unity (C#) is a plus
Solid understanding of scalable software architecture and design patterns
Experience in developing XR prototypes, rendering of 3D media, or multi-sensory/tele-presence applications
Experience with Cloud and Kubernetes is advantage
Large degree of flexibility and willingness to take on different type of tasks and deliver results
Analytical skills and ability to acquire new knowledge, apply it, and spread it to others
Being an outstanding teammate with high level of cultural awareness.
Proficiency in English, German language will be a plus
We offer:
An international working environment
Flexible working hours with 38h per week as well as hybrid working
30 vacation days per year
Insurance package
Company pension scheme
Excellent learning and personal development opportunities within Ericsson
Ergonomic workplace
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Ericsson GmbH
52134 Herzogenrath, Deutschland