Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Head of Department: Engineering Cyber Security (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 21 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As head of department of the world wide distributed and acting department „Engineering Cyber Security" of our business unit 'Advanced Networks' (AN) in our division 'Cross Domain Computing Solutions' (XC) you are responsible for the cyber security in our projects worldwide.
Cyber security governance, vulnerability and incident management, security negotiation and management of customers as well as suppliers are also part of your area of responsibility.
You support projects for key management solution during development and production as well as provisioning of HSM variants for XC-AN products or projects.
Being a project security manager and system security engineer, your job includes hiring and staffing for all XC-AN activities worldwide, developing cyber security location concepts, cyber security resources, competence management and cyber security partnering with other development entities.
You are responsible for respective activities in tasks (In-Budget, In-Time, In-Quality), clearance of respective work products and represent a contact person for all security topics worldwide.
You act as security interface towards other disciplines such as manufacturing, software, V&V, FS, hardware, purchasing, sales, quality management, project management/business development and non XC-AN development entities.
You are a member of the business unit engineering leadership team for cross business unit engineering strategy and a business unit representative of the respective of superordinated cyber security communities.
Your profile
Education: completed technical university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in engineering or a comparable qualification like computer science, technical computer science, electrical engineering, mathematics, physics
Experience and knowledge: Know-How and experience in embedded security, automotive development,communication protocols or software development, cyber security management system, leadership and people
management, customer communication, strong networking in global engineering communities
Personality and Working Practice: accountable, committed team player, good intercultural competence, high level of resilience, capability of providing stability to associates in VUCA time
Languages: business fluent in written and spoken German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Mittlerer Pfad 9, 70499 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.