Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
SAP PM Consultant (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As a Process Consultant in the Area of S/4 HANA for Planned Maintenance & Production Planning you are responsible for the staffing of the Project-Team in the S/4-Experience Platform for Planned Maintenance.
Your work entails determining and analyzing the usage of S/4-Functions for PM as well as the process analyzing of R3 to S/4.
Furthermore, you act as Requirements Manager and discuss and lead discussions with SAP for determined GAPs.
A part of your resposibility is also the DIF Project - PM Consulting, as well as the Migration- and Test-Support.
Lastly, you take over the scope-planning for Pilots, which includes Pilot-Operation-Support and Roullout-Support.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in information science or a comparable subject
Personality: resilient, optimistic and communicative
Working Practice: analytical, responsible and goal-oriented
Experience and Knowledge: several years of professional experience in consulting in SAP PM, S/4 Hana in the Area of Process Consulting, SAP PP knowledge is a plus
Languages: very good communication skills in written and spoken English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.