Jobs by email
Hubert Burda Media
Full Stack Developer for Bunte.de at BurdaForward (m/f/x)
Berlin, Köln, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 7 hours ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Who we are ...
Through reliable and solution-oriented content, we at BurdaForward help people in Germany to live a better life. With our leading publishing brands Focus Online, Chip, TV Spielfilm, Bunte.de, Finanzen100, Netmoms, The Weather Channel, Efahrer.com, Fit for fun, Cinema and Cardscout and the latest technology, we inspire almost 70 percent of all Internet users in Germany (AGOF digital facts) and are a driving force in public debate – also by tradition: BurdaForward is part of the family-owned company Hubert Burda Media.
What you can expect from us …
You are responsible for the development of a new video- and picture-based product on the brand Bunte.de and Bunte.de app.
You will engineer and design software components in close collaboration with UX, Design, Product Management and of course your co-developers in a cross-functional team.
You will be working on products and not on projects.
Our goal is to create products that work and are at the same time fun to use. Therefore, we are doing a lot of user tests (e.g. A/B-testing) where you will support our Product Owners.
Stability and performance are the basis of our products.
What we would expect from you …
You have experience in the development of websites with agile development processes.
You have good knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, TypeScript (including frameworks like React, Vue, Flutter) and Git.
Experience in developing hybrid application using Flutter or similar is a plus.
You have a high willingness to learn and are enthusiastic about new technologies and tools.
You like to take responsibility and commitment for the products and services you are developing.
You are passionate, have strong problem-solving skills and performance as well as quality are important to you.
You are interested in sharing your knowledge with colleagues and help developing their skill-set.
You can speak and write in English fluently and enjoy working in an international environment.
What we can offer you …
You create the BurdaForward brand world with content, services and products that make our more than 40 million users happy.
We love entrepreneurship! That's why we support new business ideas financially and make it possible for you to build your own start-up.
You can expect an open, dynamic working environment with flat hierarchies and cooperative team colleagues with lots of good ideas.
Every life is different! We offer you flexible working hours and a flexible work location and as well a subsidy for daycare or kindergarten.
At BurdaForward you can get involved: in cooperation with our parent company, we have launched the PlanetForward sustainability initiative, with which we invite every business unit, every function – from HR to our start-up system – and every employee regardless of job title to make our internal and external activities more sustainable and regenerative.
The position is initially limited to 1 year.
Burda is colourful ...
We respect diversity and we therefore welcome all applications – independently of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion and ideology, disability, age as well as sexual orientation and identity.
Burda is digital ...
Please use our online application form to apply!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €