Jobs by email
FANUC Europe Corporation
European Expert Security Operations Center
Echternach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 hours ago
I'm interested
Save
FANUC is the world leading provider of factory automation. Our machine range includes a number of Robots, Cutting, Drilling, and Injection moulding machines, Laser, motors and control systems used in automation. 
FANUC Europe Corporation is the European Headquarter, located in Luxembourg. Our 250+ employees provide a full range of services to our 20+ European subsidiaries. This includes European Sales and Service, Technical Support, Supply Chain, Spare Parts and Repairs, as well as Marketing, Human Resources, IT, Legal, Compliance and Administrative Support.
With over 20 different nationalities represented in our HQ, we look forward to welcoming more ambitious and team spirited people joining us, who like to work independently and speak their mind; seeking to continuously improve and maintain our healthy, professional and friendly workplace.
Your tasks will include:
Monitoring and reporting all ICT Security Issues by defining and creating target-group oriented reports and dashboards based on the SIEM solution.
Detect and isolate IT threats, prioritize as well as forward information obtained and remediate threats as necessary.
Proactive and reactive research and categorization of threats and vulnerabilities.
Observation and analysis of suspicious programs and / or behaviour patterns using state-of-the-art tools.
Active exchange of experience and knowledge with other ICT teams within our organization.
Support the ICT Infrastructure team in the development of the tool landscape in the area of cyber security.
Development and optimization of security use cases for our Cyber Security Centre; also automated end-to-end processes.
Establish a common European ICT security incident- and response process and platform e.g. ServiceNow.
Internal and external contact person for all IT security relevant topics.
Establishment, management and development of future employees and external partner in the SOC team.
Structured planning and implementation of organizational measures in the area of IT security
Planning, control and coordination of daily business tasks and projects.
Supporting and leading ICT Security related audits such as TISAX, ISO 27001 and internal audits.
Working closely together with FANUC European Data Protection Officer, Data Security Information Officer (FEC), Legal department and HR.
Create a global FANUC IT Security Network together with FANUC Headquarter. Collaboration and Communication with FHQ Security responsible and define and roll-out common ICT Security- and Communication processes.
Your profile:
Minimum 5 years of professional experience in Security.
Ability to apply creative thinking and negotiation skills to develop solutions that are acceptable to a variety of users with potentially different needs.
Proficient in process improvement and development practices.
Experience in managing external service and administrative providers. 
Organization and prioritization abilities
Interpersonal skills necessary to work well with others in teams and collaborative work situations.
Strong problem-solving and multi-tasking skills.
What we offer:
You will be given a 360° insight to a European Supply Chain department that supports European business in a variety of different areas. You will get the opportunity to work in a global environment and a dynamic company where people are the centre of all activities. We manage diverse projects, we are passionate about our work and due to our continuous development process we set trends in the international automation industry.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
FANUC Europe Corporation
rue Benedikt Zender 7, 6468 Echternach, Luxemburg
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -