Jobs by email
GOhiring GmbH
Working Student Data Engineer (f/m/d)
Berlin
Student job, Industrial placement student
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Working Student Data Engineer (f/m/d)
GOhiring is the leading software company for automated job posting and recruiting analytics. With our tool, recruiters can manage the entire job posting process in one place – from data-driven multiposting campaigns to in-depth analysis along the candidate journey. We help recruiters make the most out of their online job postings.
Your role
Automate ETL processes and client reporting using Apache Airflow
As part of the data team, extend and maintain our data warehouse and manage the ETL processes
Support the development of dashboards, using Power BI, that visualize and analyze data from HR processes
Create ad-hoc reports from our data warehouse using SQL
Generate business analyses and visualizations of our business processes
Grow with your role - there will be job prospects in the future
Your profile
You are currently enrolled in a technical field of study (e.g. data or computer science)
You are curious about the world of data engineering, enjoy finding solutions to arising challenges and simultaneously documenting the process
First work experience with ETL processes using SQL and Python
Ideally also first experience with AWS (Amazon Web Services), Linux, postgres databases and data visualization tools such as PowerBI or Tableau as well as data analysis
Interest in growing and learning with a team long-term
Availability 15+ hours per week
You enjoy working in a small team with large amounts of responsibilities where your opinion matters
Fluent in English
We offer
More than a job - discovering the future: You'll work at the heart of digitalization in recruiting and perhaps discover the job of a lifetime.
Remote culture: Work from where you are most productive - be it at home, while traveling or in our office in Berlin.
Flexibility: Look forward to processes and mindsets that are 100% geared towards time-flexible and location-independent work.
Making a big difference in a small team: We believe that small teams are more fun. Direct collaboration, lots of creative freedom, learning from each other - that's our understanding of productivity.
Want to work together on the future of recruiting?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
GOhiring GmbH
Berlin, Deutschland