Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software Safety Expert (f/m/div.)
Schwieberdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Schwieberdingen
Your tasks
Your passion for software and software functional safety characterizes products in our Automotive Electronics division as well as in our partner areas.
You bring your expertise in a start-up-like environment, coach and consult others and getting involved yourself. You also drive the topics forward with your functional safety experience!
You use modern functional safety methods and tools in order to integrate functional safety aspects in an agile development environment.
You support various areas of automotive electronics as well as other partners on software functional safety topics and achieve an impact through conviction.
You conduct structured reviews of SW work products with focus on functional safety. Furthermore, you will develop or improve available methods and tools related to functional safety integration (e.g. SW Safety Analysis, SW Safety Management, Dependent failure analysis). Coordination of the decision-making process regarding functional safety is an important aspect of your work. 
You solve technical and methodical challenges and deal with organizational obstacles.
You take responsibility for achieving the functional safety objectives.
Your profile
Education: University degree (Master/Diploma) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or a comparable course of study
Qualification: Very good knowledge of functional safety, processes and standards (ISO 26262 or IEC61508). Good process knowledge especially in requirement engineering and change management preferable
Personality: Software and functional Safety is your passion. You feel comfortable in a start-up culture. You see changes as an opportunity.
Mode of operation:
You are able to apply processes and best practices to enable cross-functional collaboration.
You have an agile mindset and are able to inspire others for it.
You work and communicate in a structured and systematic manner.
You have the ability to identify important topics as well as tasks and focus on them.
You can abstract and simplify complex issues
Experience and knowledge:
knowledge of SW architectures for embedded systems and modeling languages like UML or SysML, preferably with automotive knowledge
several years of experience in the field of Functional safet
CI/CD and DevOps (advantageous)
You are familiar with various SW development methods in classic and agile environments and have ideally already gained initial practical experience as a team member in an agile software development project.
Enthusiasm: Software is your passion. You are actively involved in the development and further development of our division. In addition, you would like to work in an international team and would like to develop personally and professionally.
Languages: Very good command of spoken and written English. Good knowledge of German or willingness to learn German promptly
This position can be filled at one of the locations Reutlingen and Stuttgart.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Straße 2, 71701 Schwieberdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.