Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
(Senior) UX / UI Designer and Competency Lead (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 hours ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
We are looking for a driven, experienced product quality UX/UI Designer (m/f/d) who is excited about our business module and wants to help us build a user-friendly products that guide and help the users to accomplish their goals in the most intuitive, easy and delightful way. We are user-centric, data driven company with a strong focus on technology and innovation. We are constantly analysing the behaviour and the needs of our users, collecting feedback and testing different solutions. 
As a UX/UI Designer (m/f/d) at MediaMarktSaturn, your main responsibility is to drive the product design process through its different iterative stages. Thereby, you will work in close collaboration with products teams, product owners and stakeholders to thoroughly understand and identify the problem and opportunities. You will be guiding the product teams towards effective solution considering the user and business needs, and uplevel our processes in an environment of user research, data analysis and constant testing.
Your tasks
Developing a high class user interface design for MediaMarkt and Saturn Products & Applications - for customer and colleagues
Shaping the product strategy together with our product owners and drive its implementation in collaboration with our product teams in a Scrum & data-driven way of working
Being close to business and support from design and ideation phases till going live by integrating user feedback and business requirements into ongoing product
Designing complex user flows and customer journeys
Driving the iterative design process of product features from end-to-end, including ideation, sketching, mockups, low- & high fidelity prototyping, user testing, interaction concepts and final UI design
Bringing consistency of visual language to all our platforms and touch points of our products while considering the specificity of the environment and the brand
Excellent problem-solving skills and familiarity with technical constraints and limitations
Creating and defining hypotheses, KPIs and their measurements to conclude on best next steps
Requirements
Ideally you have a bachelor's degree, master's degree in design (or similar)
You have several years of experience in UX / UI design, focus on service design in a fast-paced environment
You have strong experience in using common design and prototyping programs (Sketch, Fligma, InVision, Adobe CC, Axure, Framer, Flare, Principle, etc.)
You have a basic knowledge in programming (preferred)
You like to take a senior role in our design team, including regular reviews and feedback as well as coaching of junior team members
You have an impressive portfolio showcasing both conceptual interaction design work as well as a clear understanding of typography, simplicity and visual design
Ideally you have additional skills in illustrations, animation and icon design
You have very good English skills with an ability to articulate in both written and spoken language
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. When you are ready to learn more about us, just drop us your application right below!
Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
München, Deutschland