Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
(Senior) Fullstack Developer (m/f/d) Marketplace
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 hours ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
We are responsible for introducing digital marketplace solutions and integrating them into our touchpoints (e.g. webshop / app). We aim to massively expand our product portfolio for customers without increasing the effort required to process orders. 
Your tasks
You take a leading role in the architecture and implementation of our marketplace platform
Creating interfaces between our backend APIs and the consumer touchpoints
Developing backend services according to the "API First" principle
You play a key role in defining requirements and solutions in collaboration with other teams
As an experienced Engineer (m/f/d), you help colleagues overcome technical challenges through consulting and coaching, contributing to the growth of the entire team
With the help of your automations, your business colleagues save valuable time when performing manual tasks
You create an open, honest, and constructive discussion culture within the team through your confident but reflective nature
Living DevOps and taking responsibility for your team's services, from request to operation in a cloud infrastructure
Requirements
You have a strong team spirit, enjoy freedom and like to take responsibility
React and Typescript are your first choice when it comes to developing SPAs
You care about the quality of your application, which is why you swear by Typescript and love to write clever tests
Developing backend systems with NodeJS is standard for you
You already have experience working with NoSQL (MongoDB) databases and know how to best scale them to handle large requests
Since you are interested in the entire lifecycle of an application, you are no stranger to continuous delivery and (cloud) infrastructure and you love the DevOps approach
Experience in a cloud environment with Kubernetes and knowing how to monitor your application with Grafana and Prometheus
Extensive experience in API design as well as messaging e.g. via Google Pub/Sub
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. 
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
München, Deutschland