Jobs by email
Mercedes-Benz Group AG
HCM Lead Architect (f/m/x)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002E5J_EN
Tasks
About US
Within IT People & Products, we ensure a simple, comfortable and reliable everyday life for all Mercedes-Benz AG employees. Covering all HR-IT systems from Legal, Communication, Helpdesk, Working time management & Payroll we cover all systems with which the employee comes into contact - and last but not least, we enable Mercedes to become the world's leading software player in the automotive industry with our "home of tech" TechHubs.
About the JOB
With this job you will make more than 200,000 Mercedes-Benz employees happy at once!
Do you want to drive a radical shift from custom HR applications to HCM (workday) standardization?
These challenges await you:
In this job, you are a TECH expert and thus report directly to the Senior Manager of the transformation project
You drive and define new HCM Core functionality and processes to continually streamline HR business processes
You partner with other HR Technology leaders, functional and technical team members and others in driving capabilities and defining the data - and security governance for the HCM platform
Your start is also our start - we just signed the contract with workday!
About YOU
We are looking for a technical minded specialist, who shares our vision to deliver amazing experiences!
If you´re a creative problem solver, who is hungry for a new adventure - we are searching for you!
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
You have a deep knowledge of core HCM concepts like business processes, organizations, security, reporting, etc.
You are the technical expert and take responsibility for putting theory into practice
You have understanding and experience in Process follows system
You have excellent communication skills, and you are a strong listener
Your focus lies on the usability of the processes mapped in the applications
You know which processes can be mapped in HCM and which cannot
You are the interface and bring together the right contacts from business and IT
Fluent in Business English and good German skills
Personal skills
You have the ability to communicate with different management levels
You have creative mindset and you create business value through technology
You have excellent interpersonal, communication, and collaboration skills with ability to work in a highly cross-functional and global environment
You are detail oriented and have strong analytical skills
Your qualifications and experience
You have Hands-on experience in HCM Cloud Software implementation and configuration (Enterprise environment) > experience in workday implementations is a plus
You already have operational experience in transferring existing processes and data to a new HCM cloud software
You have a degree in Information Technology or a comparable discipline
You have experience in working in an international and virtual environment
You have experience in supporting and partnering with diverse and globally dispersed stakeholders and teams
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: SBV-Zentrale@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-Benz Group AG
70565 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Employee discount
Stock options
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.