Jobs by email
Daiichi Sankyo Europe GmbH
Power BI Architect (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Passion for Innovation. Compassion for Patients.
Daiichi Sankyo and its 16,000 employees in more than 20 countries are dedicated to the creation and supply of innovative pharmaceutical products. In Europe, we focus on two areas: In the cardiovascular space, our strong portfolio of medicines reflects our long-standing commitment and shows that we care for every heartbeat; in oncology our goal is to become a global pharma innovator until 2025 by providing novel therapies to patients across the world. Our European headquarters are in Munich, Germany, and we have affiliates in 13 European countries.
For our headquarter in Munich we are seeking highly qualified candidates to fill the position of
Power BI Architect (m/f/x)
The position:
Lead and manage BI architecture solutions. Support and development of ad hoc and long-term Microsoft BI solutions and Power BI analytic dashboards/reports. Oversee design of data models and designs required to implement performant Microsoft Power BI solutions.
Roles and responsibilities:
Lead the effort to gather requirements and design in order to develop and implement Microsoft Power BI solutions in Microsoft Azure environment applying best practices to the development lifecycle
Lead and manage architecture solutions as well as support and development of ad hoc and long-term Microsoft BI solutions and Power BI reports
Oversee design of data models and designs required to implement performant Microsoft BI solutions and Power BI reports
Estimate the level of effort and cost of infrastructure to support Microsoft BI solutions and Power BI implementations
Troubleshooting and resolving issues related to performance, environments, monitoring and operability of Power BI service (dashboards/reports)
Build and manage relationships with key stakeholders across business and IT units
Personal skills and professional experience:
University degree as well as 5 to 8 years of professional experience
Working with end-users to design and build dashboards and customizations to meet their requirements
Experience of defining and implementing Power BI architecture and deployment models for a range of use cases
Hands-on working experience with Power BI to author queries, datasets, visuals & reports
Experience of defining and configuring the security model within Power BI deployments
Strong knowledge of SQL
Fluent business English (oral and written)
What we offer:
Excellent Benefits
Work-Life Balance
Growth and Development
Health and Wellbeing Support
Working at Daiichi Sankyo:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Daiichi Sankyo Europe GmbH
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.