Jobs by email
BestSecret Group
Senior Inhouse Consultant SAP FI (m/f/d)
Aschheim bei München, Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 8 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About BestSecret Group
We are a leading European members-only online destination for premium and luxury off-price fashion. Partnering with over 3,000 international brands, our tech-focused mindset and strong commitment to sustainability drives a truly unique experience for our members. With almost 100 years of experience behind us, and a major tech transformation ahead, BestSecret is scaling at pace to become one of Europe’s most exciting ecommerce players. We are proud to have a diverse team of over 1,700 employees from over 80 countries and are committed to further building out our international team with the very best talent based at our various hubs across Europe.
SENIOR INHOUSE CONSULTANT SAP FI (M/F/D)
Location: Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
For our ERP team, we are looking for a Senior Inhouse Consultant SAP FI (m/f/d) who is enthusiastic about technical and procedural challenges and has the desire to advise and accompany us in our SAP S/4 HANA greenfield project and ongoing digital transformation.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Recording, designing, and implementing new requirements and process optimizations in cooperation with the business departments and other IT stakeholders.
Leading new projects and initiatives in the area of SAP FI/CO.
Being an expert in the following areas of SAP: General Ledger, Asset Accounting, Consolidation (Group Reporting), Integration of value flows from MM.
Customizing our state-of-the-art SAP FI/CO environment.
Identifying and defining test cases for integration and user acceptance tests, including active support during executions.
Contributing to the migration steps from design to Go-Live.
Driving forward the integration of further modules or third-party systems.
Providing 2nd and 3rd level support and acting as a point of contact for our stakeholders. 
YOUR QUALIFICATION
Proven work experience in SAP FI consulting, solution design, and hands-on in customizing.
Profound knowledge of SAP FI, including consolidation (ideally with Group Reporting).
Knowledge in SAP CO functionalities is nice to have.
Ability to coordinate internal and external resources within a project.
Your deep understanding of processes supports you in the integration of other IT systems.
You are interested in applying new technologies, and you can think outside the box.
As a team player, you have a solution-oriented and analytical way of working in addition to your proven German and English skills. 
BENEFITS
Become part of our success story and work in an innovative working environment
Individual training for your personal development
Find an environment where you feel comfortable and can develop fully
Great employee discounts for your perfect style
Stay fit and healthy with our corporate memberships at exclusive fitness and wellness clubs in Germany
Attractive salary package and 30 days of vacation
Highly motivated colleagues and a thorough induction phase
Hybrid working gives you a high degree of flexibility
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.