Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
System Verification Engineer for Multi-Core Embedded Systems (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
We are looking for an experienced verification engineer for multi-core embedded systems implementing our smart sensors.
Create verification environments for top-level models of HW/SW smart sensor systems including signal processing.
Define a system verification concept, align on a verification reuse concept with the ASIC verification teams, and implement the verification at system level.
Build interfaces for the next generation of smartphones, wearables and IoT. Improve design-flow with state-of-the-art tool chains.
Explore new system verification technologies, setup system verification plan, define and implement verification sub-tasks
Deploy the latest system verification technologies with an international team of experts to create great customer benefit and find your product in high volume consumer electronics devices.
Your profile
Personality: You convince with your ideas and are a positive team player.
Working Practice: High level of interdisciplinary teamwork, customer orientation, creative drive and entrepreneurial mindset.
Experience: 3-5 years of industry experience or PhD with a deep understanding of state-of-the-art verification technologies for embedded systems.
Knowledge: You know how to verify system models; you are analytically strong and well-structured. You have profound knowledge of universal verification methodology (UVM), C++, VHDL; SystemC/TLM, Specman/e, SystemVerilog, and Python are a plus.
Language: Fluent English (B2 as minimum level), German as a plus.
Education: Master or equivalent degree in computer science, electronic engineering, physics, or similar major.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Gerhard-Kindler-Straße 9, 72770 Kusterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.