Jobs by email
trinamiX GmbH
Software Test Engineer - Spectroscopy Solutions (m/f/d)
Ludwigshafen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
What we offer
RESPONSIBILITIES
RESPONSIBILITIES
As part of our agile product teams, you will consult and support all testing activities:
As a Test Engineer, you will be responsible for the creation, ownership and evolution of the overall IT testing approach.
Furthermore, you will develop test concepts and define quality criteria in close collaboration with the team.
You will jointly work with the Development Teams and will be part of testing phases from Development till Productive Systems.
Moreover, you will serve as point of contact related to Test Management, Reporting of Defect (Major or Minor) and contribute to decision making of Productive Releases.
Last but not least, you will support our customer service with trainings, technical documentation and trouble shooting.
QUALIFICATIONS
university degree in the field of computer science, physics, engineering, or an apprenticeship, e.g. as an IT specialist, physics laboratory assistant or comparable
minimum 3-4 years of professional experience in Test Management
understanding of ISTQB methodology as well as effective testing methods and practices
ideally ISTQB certification
experience with Azure DevOps and Azure Test plans is a plus
knowledge and experience with agile Testing will be an advantage
English required, German is a plus
BENEFITS
We combine the agility of a startup with the stable cash flow, infrastructure and benefits of a multinational corporation.
An attractive salary based on business success and your individual performance while working on an exciting, revolutionary technology.
Mobile working and work-life balance, so you can organize your working day and your private life more flexibly to better combine them.
We offer a culture of learning, individual career paths, feedback discussions and the opportunity to develop your career.
You will be part of a highly professional, diverse and supportive team with a positive work culture that is at the forefront of technology innovation.
ABOUT US
We are stepping up to change the world!
trinamiX is a high-tech company developing innovative solutions in the fields of biometric authentication and mobile NIR spectroscopy. Through them, we are completely redefining the boundaries of what is possible for industrial customers and consumers alike - whether it is the security of personal data, the ability to conserve natural resources, or the shaping of one's own health.
To do this, we harness the hidden world of data around us and work closely with strong partners from a variety of international markets, including the smartphone and automotive industries.
Headquartered in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, trinamiX GmbH was founded in 2015 as a wholly owned subsidiary of BASF SE. While we live the spirit of a high-tech startup, we are supported by one of the world's leading chemical companies. As a result, more than 200 employees worldwide work operationally independently while being able to rely on the security, expertise and experience of the BASF Group.
We are looking for highly motivated, enthusiastic people to join our team and change the world together with us!
How to apply: create your own profile via ,,Apply now'' and upload your complete application documents (CV, cover letter, certificates, and references). This will help us to get a good impression and allow us to review your application individually. You can find more information about our application process here: http://on.basf.com/applicationprocess
Do you have any questions about the application process or the position? Please reach out to: Larissa Wiedenroth, larissa-anna.wiedenroth@basf.com, Tel.:+49 30 2005-56384
At BASF, the chemistry is right. Because we are counting on innovative solutions, on sustainable actions, and on connected thinking. And on you. Become a part of our formula for success and develop the future with us - in a global team that embraces diversity and equal opportunities irrespective of gender, age, origin, sexual orientation, disability or belief.
Please note that we do not return paper applications including folders. Please submit copies only and no original documents.
Please upload the documents, summarized in a PDF if possible.
QUALIFICATIONS
BENEFITS
ABOUT US
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €