Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Junior IT-Administrator (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
You like to be in direct contact with all departments to assist them with questions about IT administration? You would like to offer our employees a high level of IT support? Then you are the right support for our IT administration team.
We are looking for a motivated full-time IT Administrator (m/f/d) for our Berlin office.
 What you will do
Installation and setup of workstations (workstations, notebooks, IP phones, printers) and accounts (LDAP, AD, Gmail)
Provide first to third level support to colleagues on hardware, software and network tasks
Replacement and maintenance of hardware and peripherals
Maintenance and further development of the internal infrastructure
Inventory of hardware
Multifaceted work environment (e. g. Atlassian Stack, Jamf, Sentinel One, Juniper)
Participation in IT change projects
Who you are
First working experience in IT administration
Comfortable working with Windows and Apple macOS
Experience in the administration of Azure Active Directory
Passionate about learning different new IT topics
Good knowledge of common MS Office applications and other standard applications
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere at the Office
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux) also for private usage
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
Remote work on Mondays and Fridays
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Free access to online learning platforms like Laracast, Egghead and A Cloud Guru
Help in relocation and VISA process
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU. 
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland