Jobs by email
ZEISS
Head of Data Governance (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 18 hours ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting solutions in a diverse, stable work environment that’s focused on the future. Join us in a modern work environment with an open and inspiring culture and colleagues.
The ZEISS Digital Partners based in Munich, Oberkochen, Jena, Berlin, Bangalore, Budapest and Shanghai are realizing cutting-edge customer-centric digital, data and AI solutions jointly with the ZEISS business units.
Your role at ZEISS Digital:
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of data governance on enterprise level and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. In this challenging function, you will help shape the data governance organization of ZEISS. You will be heading a team responsible for building clear data governance guidelines in line with the new ZEISS’ enterprise data strategy. Your work will lay the foundation for standardized, scalable data and analytics products by developing the frameworks, structure, roles and responsibilities. You will be an advocate of the vision, strategic objectives and work of the Enterprise Data and analytics organization.
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree, preferably in business, technical, or legal paired with a passion for technologies
3-5 years of work experience on transformative data programs such as implementation of large-scale data governance projects
Experience and technical understanding of linkage between data governance, enterprise data strategy, data management, master data management and data platforms
Team leadership experience (15+ team members) preferably in a larger corporate environment
Result oriented hands-on mentality to analyze, create, craft and present actionable guidance for a diverse stakeholder landscape
Outgoing personality that proactively reaches out to business and management stakeholders internally and externally
Hands-on experience in working with different data domains (e.g., device, customer…) and data management frameworks (e.g., cloud data lakes, data mesh concept)
Ability to delve into technical detail, but also to do abstract/conceptual thinking
Ability to get into new things and to comprehend complex concepts quickly
Strong network of data governance experts and understanding of various industry best practices
Fluent English
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.