Jobs by email
Kaiser X Labs GmbH
Agile Consultant (M/F/D)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 hour ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
AGILE CONSULTANT (M/F/D)
WE ARE THE STRATEGIC EXPERIENCE DESIGN COMPANY OF ALLIANZ.
We resolve complexity to transform the ordinary in progressive ways. We are experts at making complex products simple and digitally accessible, delivering validated user experiences in the business of trust. Our strength is built on shared values that inspire and we are always looking for creative and passionate people who are interested in joining a great team.
Your Role & Responsibilities
INCLUDE AGILE TEAM & TRIBE ENABLEMENT AS WELL AS SUPPORTING THE STRATEGIC AGILE TRANSFORMATION AT ALLIANZ.
Together with us, you will support and enable teams and tribes to work in an agile way. As an Agile Consultant you ensure that teams use agile principles and values as part of the product development process in various roles such as Agile Master or Agile Coach.
You will help to design and establish the framework and standards of the agile transformation and actively support key stakeholders in strategic decision-making regarding their transformation goals. Together with our team of experts, you will support and enable organizations to work in an agile way. As an Agile Consultant you ensure that teams use agile principles and values as part of the product development process in various roles such as agile master or agile coach - depending on your personal skill set and level of experience.
You will help to design and establish the framework and standards of the agile transformation and actively support key stakeholders in strategic decision-making regarding their transformation goals.
Support & actively shape the agile transformation of the organization in the fields of business development, customer service, software development & technical maintenance
Agile consultancy for the agile transformation with strategic perspective on the organization
Provide methods, techniques and tools that support efficient and effective agile work
Accompany teams in the role of Agile / Scrum Master and Servant Leader and ensure that they are successful with their team
Coach teams and teach methods and techniques that facilitate and promote the work and efficiency of the team
Live the agile mindset &  values, inspire & motivate teams for agile practices and principles
Develop and coach employees towards self-organization and cross-functional teamwork
Your experience is what we are looking for:
Completed studies at a university or higher education institution in a field of study relevant to the task at hand
Highly motivated to grow in the agile domain
Interest in the digital and agile environment
Be an active part in our agile circle at Kaiser
Good interpersonal skills with the confidence to network and present to the teams and clients
Both oral and written fluent German and English language skills
IT’S ALSO NICE TO HAVE:
Being a Certified Agile Master or a Certified Product Owner / Scrum Master
Experience with agile project management and facilitation tools
What we offer is awesome!
At Kaiser X Labs we believe that a healthy work-life balance benefits everyone and that great teams need diverse talents. As a company of Allianz, we are able to offer you competitive compensation and benefits in line with your experience. And we provide you with the chance to work in an open and interdisciplinary space where diverse perspectives come together to shape the future of insurance.
Contact information!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Kaiser X Labs GmbH
Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.