Jobs by email
Exyte Management GmbH
Digital Facility Manager (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Your vision is ambitious. Just like ours.
Exyte is a global leader in the design, engineering, and delivery of ultra-clean and sustainable facilities for high-tech industries. With cutting-edge expertise developed over more than a century, we serve clients in the sophisticated markets of semiconductors, battery cells, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. Exyte offers a full range of services from consulting to managing the implementation of turnkey solutions with the highest standards in safety and quality to our customers worldwide. We create a better future by enabling key industries to enhance the quality of modern life. In 2021, Exyte generated sales of EUR 4.9 billion with around 7,400 employees worldwide.
Our people are our success. As one of us, you will contribute to engineering excellence for the high-tech markets of the future, including semiconductors, batteries, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. At Exyte, you will be part of a global community of challenge seekers who are ambitious and passionate about innovation. Together, we will build on our company’s long history and keep on leading the way to a better world. 
Discover your exciting role
As we increase our scope of activities in Germany and on project sites, the need for special software programs is ever-increasing. That is why we are looking for a Digital Facility Manager.
Explore your tasks and responsibilities
Ensure that all office buildings and project sites are operational at all times
Support Exyte staff whenever questions/problems occur
Make sure landlords and Exyte offices respect contractual agreements
Organize and digitize FM processes, create statistics and reports
Supervise, direct and correct any contractors operating on Exyte premises
Improve processes wherever necessary
Coordinate with EHS to ensure safety standards are maintained
Create budget sheets and support with FM forecast updates
Show your expertise
5+ years of work experience
Very good with SAP/ERP
Excellent IT skills
Proficient skills in German and English
Ability to work under pressure
Very good communication and negotiation skills
Strong service orientation 
Get more than just a job
Engineer World Changing Facilities
Health & Well-being
Environment of Excellence
Career Growth
Commitment to an Incident-Free Workplace (IFW)
Global Opportunities 
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Exyte Management GmbH
Löwentorbogen 9b, 70376 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -