Jobs by email
Taxdoo GmbH
Senior Staff Software Engineer (m/f/d) Fullstack
Europe
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
Taxdoo is on a mission to build the financial operating system for e-commerce in Europe - where companies are able to focus on their core business, not bureaucracy. What exactly are we doing? We are making it easy for e-commerce businesses and accountants to handle VAT (sales tax) and other compliance requirements such as managing financial accounting and receiving a comprehensive overview of their financial status. Our products currently power a variety of end-to-end automation solutions for thousands of customers.
Our team comes from a range of backgrounds and we believe in our core values Diversity, Simplicity, Quality, and Trust. Even if you are not entirely sure whether you tick all the boxes below, please apply - we’d love to hear from you. We’re at least as interested in your potential as we are in your experience.
What you will do
You will be joining team Blingbox and...
Challenge,  lead and implement architectural and technical decisions within the team, that are aligned with the overall technical roadmap of the product using  TypeScript and MERN stack.
Inspire and contribute to a shared technical vision of designing the simplest effective solutions to the hardest problems.
Inspire your team and others with technical vision and customer obsession.
Collaborate with engineers to solve problems and foster a balance of velocity through scalable, asynchronous decision-making practices.
Develop expertise in VAT topics and become a key point of contact for building solutions.
Help your Engineering Manager create a positive and supportive work culture, with a focus on knowledge sharing and personal development.
What you are good at
Technical credibility through lengthy software engineering experience with back-end and distributed systems and infrastructure.
Experience in an early-stage product/team and building tools from scratch, having knowledge of the domain would be a plus.
Experience with working and mentoring remote and on-site cross-functional teams.
Ability to thrive with a high level of self-direction, autonomy, and responsibility with a positive attitude, and you can work autonomously and overcome challenges with passion.
You are well familiar with agile practices and how to apply them in building complex software products in an iterative way.
Understanding of DevOps culture, and experience with implementing automation pipelines to continuously deliver well-tested software.
Excellent written and verbal English communication skills.
Be excited for collaborating with people across Taxdoo towards our shared mission - Building the Financial Operating System for e-commerce.
What we offer
At Taxdoo, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. In our recruitment process, we consider applicants regardless of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, or age. Diversity is one of the core values that we embrace on different levels within the organization- from our employees to our products and clients.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Taxdoo GmbH
Europe, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Coaching
Extra day off
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.