Jobs by email
METRO AG
Web Tracking Manager (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 8 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
METRO is a leading international wholesale company with food and non-food assortments that specializes in serving the needs of hotels, restaurants, and caterers (HoReCa) as well as independent traders. Around the world, METRO has some 16 million customers who can choose whether to shop in one of the large-format stores, order online and collect their purchases at the store or have them delivered. METRO also supports the competitiveness of entrepreneurs and independent businesses with digital solutions and thereby contributes to cultural diversity in retail and hospitality.
In our core wholesale business, METRO is globally represented with around 660 stores in 31 countries and generates sales of 29.8 billion Euros with approx. 95.000 employees. The headquarter is located in Düsseldorf, Germany.
Job Description
Today technology is driving the world. And at METRO we are driving the technology for one of the leading international wholesalers specializing in food. From eCommerce to checkout, to delivery software, we work on a wide range of products to meet the needs of our users - METRO’s customers and employees from across 25 countries. With passion and responsibility, we move the wholesale industry towards digitization and leverage METRO’s long history and expertise in B2B for building a more sustainable market ecosystem.  
Purpose of your new department  
As a new central organized digital unit, we deliver and execute a global holistic digital business strategy to streamline and accelerate the growth of our E-Commerce and web shops. We do not only channel and boost our existing E-Commerce but also identify and drive additional digital business opportunities and best practices across countries.  
Do you want to be part of our digital transformation journey and join a team who have a passion for collaborating with other solutions and countries? Would you like to lead projects and see them getting into execution mode? Are you open for new challenges and enjoy working in an environment that doesn’t only grow you professionally but also focuses on developing your personal skills? 
If so, then Metro may be the place you´ve been waiting for! 
Your new challenges: 
As a Web-Tracking & Tag-Management Expert you will define, align & implement global guidelines and central provisioning of tag-management and Web-Tracking related guidelines for digital touchpoints. 
Part of you challenge will be the implementation, operation, monitoring, debugging, and bug fixing of tags, triggers, conditions, and configuration within our tag management solution. 
You will be a main contributor for shaping tag-management at global scale at METRO 
You will collaborate closely with Data Analytics, Business Intelligence and Marketing teams. 
You will be responsible for our Global UTM tracking tool along with creating a tracker to ensure proper usage in all countries. 
Qualifications
A minimum of 2 to 3 years of experience in tag-management (preferably Google Tag Manager) and Web-Tracking (preferably Google Analytics) implementations 
Experience with multi-country setup or large-scale web tracking setup will be a plus. 
Advanced knowledge in definition, roll-out and implementation of tracking concepts across multiple platforms 
First experience with GA4 will be a plus  
Experience in implementation of 3rd party pixels 
Experience with cookie consent management (in GTM or with any other tools), Google Cloud, Querying GA data in BQ, Reporting/Dashboarding tools (e.g. DataStudio/Looker, PowerBI, etc.) will be a plus 
Good knowledge in JavaScript/ Python/ Typescript 
Solid understanding of modern web frontend technologies (React, Angular, Single Page Applications, PWA, ...) especially in relation to Web-Tracking 
First experiences in working with multiple tech/product teams and business stakeholders. 
You have a high affinity towards eCommerce and transactional thinking.  
You have attention to detail and the ability to understand the needs of customers along their journey.  
You have Excellent communication, time management, team management, and organizational skills. 
You can think strategically while keeping the focus on operational results.  
You have excellent written and spoken English skills.  
Additional Information
What we offer:
A high degree of personal responsibility, the opportunity to grow personally and to motivate yourself professionally. We offer an environment in which you can contribute and implement your ideas.
Work-life balance: trust-based working hours, 30 days of vacation and options for mobile working.
Continuing Education: A comprehensive continuing education offering through our own training team as well as our own annual training budget.
Well-being: Health programs, a free gym on our campus, regular employee events.
Comfort: Very good transport connections and free parking including charging facilities for e-mobility. Two canteens with very reasonably priced meals as well as discounts in our stores and at many partner companies.
Company pension plan: subsidy to provide for your age.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
METRO AG
Metro-Straße 1, 40235 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.