Jobs by email
Innio
IT Business Partner (m/f/d)
Jenbach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 hour ago
Save
INNIO is a leading energy solution and service provider that empowers industries and communities to make sustainable energy work today. With our product brands Jenbacher and Waukesha and our digital platform myPlant, INNIO offers innovative solutions for the power generation and compression segments that help industries and communities generate and manage energy sustainably while navigating the fast-changing landscape of traditional and green energy sources. We are individual in scope, but global in scale. With our flexible, scalable, and resilient energy solutions and services, we are enabling our customers to manage the energy transition along the energy value chain wherever they are in their transition journey.
INNIO is headquartered in Jenbach (Austria), with other primary operations in Waukesha (Wisconsin, U.S.) and Welland (Ontario, Canada). A team of more than 3,500 experts provides life-cycle support to the more than 54,000 delivered engines globally through a service network in more than 80 countries.
Your tasks
The Business Partner (m/f/d) will support several Business functions of INNIO Jenbacher. This role will be responsible for programs execution, projects implementation and operational excellence. The role will report to the Head of IT Business solutions.
This position is located in Jenbach, Tirol, with oportunity to work in Home-Office / Remote with regular presence in the Head Quarter in Jenbach.
Your Responsibilities:
Discuss IT-demands with business functions, advise on needs in terms of hardware, software
and infrastructure, ensure business case development
Plan and prioritize feature backlog within the team of business partners and transparently communicate back to business stakeholders
Assist on / manage IT-projects implementation, participate in 3rd parties management, support ongoing benefits review, prepare relevant reports
Own the life-cycle, costs and license management of legacy functional applications
Support the senior business partners with other operational and project responsibilities
Your profile
Your Profile:
Bachelor or master’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Engineering or equivalent
Very good project management skills
Clear business process thinking, ability to translate business requirements into IT solutions
and technical issues into business terms
Strong quantitative, analytical and problem resolution skills
Ability to conduct business in English, German is a plus
Desired Characteristics:
High level of energy, self-motivation, positive mindset and a strong customer focus
Strong organizational, communication and influencing skills
Strong team-player, completer/finisher with can-do attitude
What we offer
What INNIO offers:
An innovative and international working environment
Flexible working time model (depending on position and role)
Health We Care Program – including company sport activities
Moving cost support for new employees in accordance with policy
Good connections to public transport – station in direct proximity
Transportation cost support in accordance with policy
One of the best canteens in the area with healthy and various meals
Attractive location in the heart of the alps which provides various outdoor sport and other leisure possibilities
The base pay is composed of the amount according to the Austrian collective agreement which is at least EUR 3.310,48 gross per month (x 14) and an over payment depending on your qualifications and experience.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Innio
6200 Jenbach, Österreich
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.