Jobs by email
ZEISS
Technical Product Manager Device Software Platform (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Define and continuously update the roadmap for shared device software modules across the MED portfolio, based on device roadmaps, customer, and service needs
Work closely with the device platform development teams and device PMs to drive the implementation of the roadmap
Align all stakeholders behind the roadmap and ensure adoption of shared software components with the goal of improving time to market and consistency of user experience across the device portfolio
Be the single-point of contact for all development teams to understand availability of device software mod-ules to be used in new developments
Ensure consistency of implementation of all functionality related to connectivity and of user interfaces for common device functionality
Work closely with device product managers, device development teams, UX, Service, app development teams, and other relevant stakehodlers to define a strategy that helps to advance the overall success of the Meditec portfolio
Ihr Profil
University degree in computer science, engineering, or related field
Minimum of 5-7 years of experience in software product management and ideally software development or software architecture in the medical device context
some experience with device software a must
Strong technological understanding of device software
understanding of relevant frameworks and programming languages
Strong customer focus and user-centric mindset
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.