Jobs by email
Telefónica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG
Multi Cloud Service Manager (Azure/GCP/AWS) (m/f/d)
deutschlandweit
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Einleitung
Contract type: full-time, unlimited
Entry: At the earliest possible date
  Working anywhere. We work where it is most productive. After a successful application process, we offer you the opportunity to work anywhere in Germany. At Telefónica, we rely on a flexible hybrid model that includes the benefits of both remote work and on-site work. You will be assigned to the nearest Telefónica location based on where you live. We will discuss further details with you during the application process.
  Who we are
We are O2 Telefónica - with our mobile brands we connect millions of people and offer our customers mobile freedom in the digital world. As a leading telecommunications provider, we are playing a key role in shaping digitisation in Germany. Our approximately 7,400 employees in Germany drive the transformation forward every day - in our own company as well.
  Telefónica is one of the top employers in Germany and is part of the global telecommunications group Telefónica S.A. with 110,000 committed employees worldwide.  
  Become part of our unique team and let's make a difference together!  
Ihre Aufgaben
We at Telefonica are transforming our full Technology landscape to enable the best services for our customers. Cloud is and will be the foundation of everything, and this is not limited to IT. We as Telefonica go beyond to enable the digital Telco. As a Multi Cloud Platform Service Manager, you will become part of the Cloud Centre of Excellence (CCoE), which is focusing on the E2E cloud journey. In specific, you become a leading role as a Multi Cloud Service Manager to ensure operational excellence of the multi cloud services. The Service Manager will be working closely with various parties like Hyperscalers, FinOps, Cyber Security, applications, business, and process owners and 3rd party partners (development .
  What to expect
Serve as the central interface between the Cloud Centre of Excellence, Hyperscalers, Operational partners and internal stakeholders including Finops and programs that may affect cloud operations and services.
Provide Steering and control of the operational partner and Hyperscalers to meet KPI targets.  
Develop and monitor dashboard about strategic key figures, metrics and reports (e.g. availability KPIs, performance KPIs, incident & problem resolution KPIs)
Analyse and evaluate key figures as well as derivation and implementation of adequate improvement measures
Actively participate in formulating new technical solutions / user stories.
Actively participate in the optimization of internal workflows and processes
Also confirm all Cloud / OEM vendor arrangements, across the teams are aligned to Tef Service Delivery standards
Develop mechanisms (reports, meetings and forums) for Service Level communication to all relevant Tef units.
Continuous improvement of processes and structural procedures with service providers to ensure service quality
Serve as the contact person for SOX checks and coordination of correcting SOX findings
Service as the contact person for risk assessments and coordination of resolving risk findings
Act as a point of contact/escalation point for operational issues
(Partial) project management
Participate in tenders, including support for technical contract design
Chairman of steering committees with external partners and internal stakeholders and management.
Budget responsible for the operational partner. (~ 1Mio) 
Ihr Profil
What you bring
Proven experience working within the cloud domain
Operations and service excellence experience
ITIL process knowledge and experience of practical implementation of ITIL models.
Vendor management experience.
Skill to design an operational cloud model covering but not limited to Service strategy, design, transition, operations and continuous improvement.
(Multi-) Cloud Foundations know-how.
Performance management skills.
Can do mentality!
Wir bieten
What we offer
Modern, flexible working environment: Work wherever you want within Germany. Whether in home office or one of our well-equipped offices. We offer you maximum flexibility to organize your working day.
Training & Development: Everthing you need for your individual growth. With a personal development plan, learning journeys and the possibility of job rotations, you will reach your goals with us – according to our guiding principle „connect, learn and move2grow".
Financial benefits: A smartphone for business and private use, as well as the possibility to provide for partners, friends and family via a credit balance, is a given. In addition, you benefit from a variety of corporate benefits.
Health: Our "Feel Good" program keeps your body and mind in balance. Among other things, we offer fitness classes, nutritional counseling, and programs to improve workplace ergonomics and work-life balance.
Social engagement: We are also involved in social projects outside of our day-to-day work. You can support social projects through volunteering days / holidays or charity runs.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.