Jobs by email
ZEISS
Lead Software Architect (f/m/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
The Process Control Solutions (PCS) group is a new and fast-growing business unit within the ZEISS Group offering talented individuals unique opportunities for growth and career advancement. Our mission is to develop novel solutions powered by intelligent machines which will help our customers to master the challenging processes in the semiconductor manufacturing industry.  ZEISS has a longstanding reputation as being a highly innovative and stable employer. This heritage inspires and motivates us at PCS to make our process control solutions the number one choice of our customers. If you would like to work with a world class team of distinguished scientists and engineers who are revolutionizing the field of optics and imaging, then we have just the opening for you. With your technical expertise you will architect software solutions to manage and analyze imaging data from ion-beam and X-ray microscopes built by ZEISS. You will apply your technical leadership skills in defining projects and guiding international teams of software developers. You will work with cross-functional teams to deliver new data analytics frameworks that will be used for advanced process control in the semiconductor manufacturing.
Your Role
responsible for technical design of the data analytics platform
understand key customer requirements and business needs and transfer them into product specifications and functionalities
technical leadership towards development and integration teams as well as towards collaboration partners and suppliers
act as main link between technical teams (algorithm development, product integration, SQA) and product management
drive key decisions regarding technology and implementation strategies
be responsible to deliver and deploy the products
architect high performance computational solutions for data analytics
Ihr Profil
a Masters or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or associated fields
expert knowledge as software architect and proven experience with digital business development
thorough understanding of software engineering principles, OOP, design patterns, and other software best practices
proven record of leadership skills and willingness to take responsibility for entire product life cycle: from concept over implementation to deployment
proficiency with C++, C#, .NET, Python, HTML5, and Javascript in the Microsoft and Linux web application development tool chain
domain knowledge in metrology and defect detection/classification in semiconductor industry is preferable, but not mandatory
profound knowledge of state-of-the-art technologies in image processing, machine learning, HPC, agile software development; willingness to invest in continuous learning
willingness and ability to travel internationally
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Angela Wittmann
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.