Jobs by email
ZEISS
Algorithmic Specialist for Computational Imaging (f/m/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That&rsquo;s just what our employees are doing every single day &ndash; in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
You have ideas to shape the future of imaging and optical metrology?
Research at ZEISS does shape the future - We believe that algorithms and hardware belong together and by co-designing them on equal footing we add value for our customers and push the boundaries of what is possible in imaging and optical metrology. Working on projects in the interface between algorithms, optic design, and system engineering you will develop visions and prototypes for future ZEISS products. Today these include light, electron, and X-ray microscopes as well as OCT devices, industrial CT scanners, and 3D measurement systems. You will bring your algorithmic knowhow and leverage the latest algorithm and technology advancements to generate ideas on how to address tomorrow’s challenges and upcoming megatrends. And you will use your expertise in algorithm design and implementation/prototyping skill to convince decision makers to change the development roadmaps for new ZEISS products.
Ihr Profil
a PhD in mathematics or computer science or similar with a strong publication record or multiple years of work experience in at least one of the following fields: inverse problems, computer graphics, multimodal computational imaging, co-design of algorithms and optics, volume processing of large data sets
verifiable experience in algorithm development for imaging problems with the latest state of the art approaches
excellent programming skills with C#/C++ as well as a rapid prototyping in Matlab or Python
experience in algorithm parallelization (multi-core, vectorization, GPU, clusters) and in larger software projects (e.g. open source) is a plus
preferably experience in one of the following application fields: routine microscopy, optical metrology, medical optical imaging or 3d visualization
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Galina Elsenhans (galina.elsenhans@zeiss.com).
What we offer
-
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.