Jobs by email
tesa SE
Dual Study Program B.Sc. / M.Sc. (m/f/x) Data Science - WS 2023
Norderstedt, Hamburg
Apprenticeship, Studies
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Easy apply
Save
It all started with an adhesive film. Today, as an independent company, we develop self-adhesive system solutions for industry, crafts, office and household. We support end consumers in creatively shaping their everyday lives and enhancing their quality of life. In the automotive, paper and electronics industries, we optimize manufacturing processes and end products in close cooperation with our customers. As one of the global market leaders, we want to continue to grow in the future. And what does your future look like?
Contract type: limited to max. 3 years
Working time: Full-time
This is what a dual study program at tesa looks like
The 3-year bachelor´s program and the 2-year master's program in Data Science is run in cooperation with the TU Hamburg (TUHH). You will be involved in global projects in the area of Industry 4.0 at tesa production sites worldwide. Through the use of advanced analytics and data science, you will seek to unlock improvement potential in manufacturing processes (e.g. continuous process monitoring, predictive maintenance, predictive quality assurance). The study part provides you with the theoretical basics, which you can apply directly in the field of Data Science during the practical phases at tesa.
During the practical phases (10-13 weeks per semester), you will develop digital solutions, continue to develop central BI tools/systems, provide support with far-reaching data analyses on a wide range of topics, and deliver real added value for the business with your results
You are part of ongoing projects and support day-to-day business on your own responsibility 
You work closely with other departments and/or customers in an international environment
What you will need
For the Bachelor:
You are in the final stages of your high school graduation or have already completed it
You meet the requirements of the TUHH to start the Bachelor Data Science program
You are enthusiastic about modern IT technologies as well as numbers and analyses and you are not afraid of working with modern tools
You enjoy grasping complex interrelationships and developing solution-oriented concepts
You have a good command of English and are ideally familiar with common office applications
For the Master:
You have successfully completed a Bachelor's degree or are currently in the Bachelor's program (e.g. computer science, physics, engineering with a focus on IT, business informatics or comparable courses of study)
You meet all requirements of the TUHH to start the Master Data Science program
You are enthusiastic about modern IT technologies as well as numbers and analyses and you are not afraid of working with modern tools
You enjoy grasping complex interrelationships and developing solution-oriented concepts
You have a good command of English and are ideally familiar with common office applications
We offer
You receive an attractive salary and we cover your semester fees
You work at the tesa campus with flexible working hours
You can work out at the in-house gym for €4 per month and take advantage of massages or physiotherapy
You can also expect a barista bar and our company restaurant with a wide range of choices
You can buy products from tesa, Beiersdorf, Tchibo and Blume2000 at a discount
That's why a dual study program at tesa is worth it:
You are a fully valued member of the team, which shows you trust and appreciation
You will be given individual opportunities to shape and develop your career: We challenge and encourage you, coach you, and give you feedback
You will gain insights into an internationally operating company during your studies
You have the chance for further development prospects after your studies
Get an impression yourself and visit us on Instagram, Linkedin, and YouTube.
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates