Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
System Architect DevOps for MBition System Integration Department (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V673
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission
As a System Architect (all genders) you will be working in close contact with our development teams on the large scale CI/CD environment for the whole set of automotive ECUs and enable software developers to use latest and greatest engineering practices. 
Future tasks
Tailor the CI/CD platform approach and adapt it to multiple application projects
Focus on improving overall pipeline throughput and stability to ensure builds & releases happen in time
Perform requirement analysis and create design concepts for needed CI/CD adaptions & features 
Close collaboration with technical project stakeholders and the CI/CD Product Owner
Application performance is always on your mind at work
Documentation is part of how you get things done
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Education
Degree in Computer Science Engineering, information technology or similar
Experience
5+ years’ experience in software development using agile methods
Extensive experience with Git
Solid experience of at least two programming languages such as Python, Java, C++, Scala, or similar
Several years of experience of establishing CI/CD toolchains and operating them
Several years of cloud experience such as AWS, Azure, GCP, or similar
Familiarity with the "infrastructure as a code" best practices using tools like Ansible, Terraform etc.
Personal skills
Developer at heart, respects solid principles and knows design patterns and will never settle for anything less than Clean Code
Excellent analytical skills and an independent, structured and target-oriented approach to work
Personal initiative, commitment, and resilience
Experience in leadership would be a plus
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
You enjoy to gain knowledge every day
You like pair-programming, both for learning and teaching
You can read and handle others code like your own
You have distinctive hands on mentality and strength of implementation
You are familiar with the release early, release often mentality
You have the drive to automate everything everywhere
Language skills
Proficient English, German is a plus!
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Daimler AG
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
 You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.