Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Internship in the area of Intrusion Detection Systems in automotive
Abstatt bei Stuttgart
Internship
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Engineering GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Abstatt
Your tasks
IDS (intrusion detection system) is a new field of security technologies to detect attacks and intruder in highly connected vehicles.
You will work in Bosch Engineering’s currently expanding cyber security team.
With your endurance, curiosity, and C software skills, you work on our frontend solution for IDS: Creation of prototype SW for an embedded ECU. 
Installation and maintenance of a specific test bench, were you can test your written software right away.
Setup of restbus simulation.
Different approaches of task scheduling are to be evaluated and compared to each other.
Start: 1st April 2023
Time: 6 months
Your profile
Personality: You are independent, thorough and team oriented.
Enthusiasm: The motivation to work for the security of connected vehicles of the future.
Education: You are currently enrolled as a student of mechatronics, computer engineering, electrical engineering, automotive engineering or similar. Software skills in C programming are one of your strengths.
Prerequisite for the internship is the matriculation at a university. Please enclose with your application a current certificate of enrollment, study and examination regulations and, if applicable, a valid work and residence permit for Germany.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Allee 1, 74232 Abstatt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.