Jobs by email
Sumitomo (SHI) Cyclo Drive Germany GmbH
CRM Administrator (m/w/d)
Europaweit
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
PTC EMEIA stands for an established global designer, manufacturer, and supplier of drives, custom drive solutions, industrial gearboxes, electrical motors and variable frequency drives. As part of Sumitomo Heavy Industries (SHI), Japan, our companies in EMEIA offer almost 100 years of drive technology know-how and expertise on motors and variable frequency drives. With locations in most of the Western European countries, India, China, US and Canada, our home is the EMEIA market, serving customers around the globe.
As PTC EMEIA is taking initiatives to further digitalize and enhance the customer journey, we are looking for an
CRM Administrator
The position can be performed from all sites of Sumitomo in Europe (Italy, Spain, France, UK, Belgium)
Responsibilities
Responsible for the administration of the Salesforce platform within the organisation by maintaining all aspects of user management including support tickets, workflow enhancements, training, and designing solutions with user satisfaction a priority
The Salesforce administrator will work alongside the Salesforce developer and project manager to communicate with stakeholders to gather requirements, coordinate tasks projects, and help train and boost user adoption
First level support around CRM (Salesforce) and management of training material to drive user adoption
What we're looking for:
University degree (B.S. or B.A.), or corresponding further education, professional experience
Substantiated experiences with the Salesforce administration, data and system architecture
Ability to troubleshoot system, process and data issues
Open and inspiring motivation and communication skills
Affinity and openness for cross-regional and cross-departmental processes, with already existing experience in Sales, Service or Marketing
Very good understanding, curiosity and strong analytical thinking in combination with solution orientation and a high customer orientation
Independet, structured and self-reliant way of working
Safe handling of common MS-Office applications, with advanced knowledge in Excel and common tekst editors (e.g. Notepad ++)
Team orientation
Fluent speaking English in word and writing. Other languages are an advantage
Enjoy going and creating new ways and together shape the future
At PTC in EMEIA, we are looking for people who share our passion for technology. Whether you work in engineering, sales, production or one off the support functions, it is in our DNA to put our customers first and provide them with solutions to make a difference. We also strongly believe that diversity makes us stronger. It doesn’t matter who you are or where you come from, it’s your talent and attitude that make the difference.
We offer
Choosing for PTC EMEIA means choosing for an international company that offers challenging jobs with autonomy, an attractive compensation with extralegal benefits, an informal atmosphere and attention for your personal and professional development.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €