Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Teamlead Cloud Engineering Order Management (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf, München, Köln, Leipzig, Berlin, Hamburg, Stuttgart, Frankfurt, Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
We are looking for you as Cloud Engineer for Order Management (m/f/d) at Media Markt Saturn Technology. We as a team are working to execute our omnichannel strategy. We guarantee customers delivery of their goods - no matter which sales touchpoint, no matter which delivery method - efficiently and cost-sensitively - our delivery promise. With a wide range of technologies, from off-the-shelf software to a suite of mirco services developed with modern cloud technologies, we are constantly working to master our omnichannel journey. In doing so, we are guided by DevOps principles and a domain-driven design. We are looking for you to become part of our journey and grow together with MediaMarktSaturn.
Your tasks
You are responsible for the personal development and guidance of cloud engineers within the domain Order Management
You are leading by example, taking accountability for the domain landscape and compliance to cloud engineering standards
You coach your teammates in solving technical problems on operational level and create procedures and best practices
You will drive cloud infrastructure development for services and applications related to order management and fulfillment solutions
Working together as a team consisting of backend and cloud engineers, you will deliver a high-performance, resilient and secure infrastructure
You'll improve and automate CI/CD pipelines, infrastructure configuration, and monitoring processes
You coach your teammates in all facets of cloud engineering and therefore contributing to the growth of the whole team
Challenging the status quo and driving improvements as a result is what drives you
Requirements
You are passionate about people development and supporting colleagues in their growth
You have first experience in leading cloud or backend engineers
You are experienced in building and operating an application at scale in production, preferably in the area of e-commerce
Experience in state-of-the-art cloud technologies, preferably in Google Cloud Platform, distinguishes you
You are familiar with infrastructure-as-code (Terraform, Helm, etc.) and ideally you have first experience with GitOps approach
Your hands-on experience in Java / Kotlin development is a plus
Most important: Motivation to learn, grow, share experience and working in a team
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. 
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €