Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Flutter Engineer (m/f/d)
Frankfurt, Hamburg, Stuttgart, München, Düsseldorf, Köln, Leipzig, Ingolstadt, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
Your tasks
Contributing with your skills and ideas to our newly written Flutter App, available in 13 countries and for millions of users
Taking a key role in analyzing and refining requirements with the product owner
Helping us to improve architecture and code quality as well as to optimize the development process
Strengthen your knowledge in a new, emerging, and exciting technology
Optimizing the fully automized CI/CD pipeline using state of the art technology 
Teaching and mentoring less experienced team members in pair programming and knowledge sharing sessions
Requirements
Great passion for Flutter and experience in building projects with it, at least in a private scope
Experience with Android or iOS development
Live for technology, strive for more knowledge, and appreciate good software architecture
Think in Streams, Widgets, builder functions, and know your way around Provider
Team player (m/f/d): Love to collaborate with others and rather ask for help than trying to invent the wheel a second time
Good communication skills and a problem solving attitude
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. 
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €