Jobs by email
FANUC Europe Corporation
Software Developer (m/f/d)
Echternach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
FANUC is the world leading provider of factory automation. Our machine range includes a number of Robots, Cutting, Drilling, and Injection moulding machines, Laser, motors and control systems used in automation. 
FANUC Europe Corporation is the European Headquarter, located in Luxembourg. Our 250+ employees provide a full range of services to our 20+ European subsidiaries. This includes European Sales and Service, Technical Support, Supply Chain, Spare Parts and Repairs, as well as Marketing, Human Resources, IT, Legal, Compliance and Administrative Support.
With over 20 different nationalities represented in our HQ, we look forward to welcoming more ambitious and team spirited people joining us, who like to work independently and speak their mind; seeking to continuously improve and maintain our healthy, professional and friendly workplace.
Who are we? Take a look!
Our European IT department is looking for a Software Developer to support our Enterprise Application team in Echternach. Your primary responsibility will be to design, code, test, debug and document our enterprise applications based on business requirements and processes.
Your tasks will include:
Developing frontend and backend applications;
Evaluating existing applications and performing updates and modernizations;
Identifying and handling technical risks and issues;
Designing and developing documentations;
Working in a project team alongside other developers;
Your profile:
Bachelor's or master’s degree in Computer Science or similar, candidates with appropriate work experience will be also considered;
3 + years of experience in software development;
Experience with front end technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular;
Experience with .Net, Entity Framework, ASP.Net-Web API, REST, SOAP;
Deep knowledge of SQL;
Mindset and knowledge in agile software development;
Team and service oriented with good communication skills;
English minimum, any additional language seen as asset;
What we offer:
You will be given a 360° insight into a department that supports European business in a variety of different areas. You will get the opportunity to work in a global environment and in a dynamic company where people are the centre of all activities. We manage diverse projects, we are passionate about our work and due to our continuous development process we set trends in the international automation industry.
English is our company language. Therefore please ensure that you send your application (cover letter and CV) in English for smoother processing.
Please note that we are located in the Industrial Zone in Echternach. We thus recommend that all applicants have access to a personal vehicle as public transport options are extremely limited. 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
FANUC Europe Corporation
rue Benedikt Zender 7, 6468 Echternach, Luxemburg
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -