Jobs by email
FENECON GmbH & Co. KG
Support Engineer/Support Technician (m/f/d)
Deggendorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
You are interested in...
you for environmental sustainability and the use of renewable energy technologies?
You believe in the energy transition at 1000 volts and are interested in becoming part of the revolution in the energy and mobility sector.
Then you are cordially invited to accompany us on our way to a 100% energy transition.
Your area of responsibility with us
Contribute your experience and your full potential and take responsibility for the following areas of responsibility:
Analyse causes of faults in the energy storage systems
Elimination and documentation of potential sources of error (on site or via remote access)
Support with commissioning of storage systems (via remote or on-site)
Instruction of installers and end customers in connection with initial start-ups
Securing and sharing knowledge about our storage systems
Processing serial defects and passing on the information to product management
Subject-specific training of the 1st level support
You'll fit in with us if you...
have an electrical engineering or computer science education or have acquired electrical engineering knowledge in some other way.
have strong communication skills and a high service mentality
You show initiative and are willing to specialise in the field of electricity storage systems.
work well organised and keep the overview in every situation
can work with MS Office and have a good command of German and English
This is us
Our vision is to contribute to a cleaner and more peaceful world through a sustainable energy supply.
We are a medium-sized family business with a high level of innovative strength. This is reflected not only in our products and services, but also in our agile corporate organisation.
We are experts in the integration of electricity storage, e-mobility and photovoltaics into a sustainable energy environment. We employ around 90 people.
Our team is highly regarded for its professional competence, flexibility, speed and reliability. The vision of the 100% energy transition unites us all.
A few good reasons to become part of our team...
In addition to the exciting activities, we offer our employees other benefits:
Flexible working time model based on trust (can be adapted depending on life situation)
Permanent employment contract
Attractive remuneration model with various components (subsidy for occupational pension scheme, tax-free payment in kind, salary conversion for electric vehicle, etc.)
30 days holiday entitlement
Decisions are often made jointly within our agile and contemporary organisational structures
A wide range of opportunities for personal development through individually tailored further education and training courses
Dedicated colleagues (mentors) support you during your start-up and familiarisation phase and ensure that you feel particularly welcome with us
Company and employee events
Free drinks
Entry date: After consultation
Your way to us
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
FENECON GmbH & Co. KG
94469 Deggendorf, Deutschland