Jobs by email
Continental AG
Group Leader Software Architecture & Integration (m/f/diverse)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
In your role as a "Group Leader Software Architecture and Integration (m/f/diverse) for SDV"  at Continental Software and Central Technologies (SCT) you will manage and develop a highly experienced team of specialists with a clear focus on advanced SW concepts in the area of SW Computing Technologies for Software Defined Vehicles (SDV).
These will be your exciting tasks and responsibilities in detail:
Building up the team’s competencies and motivation through significant personal development plans (e.g. Expert Career), including coaching and mentoring of the team members, proposing the right competency set-up and ensuring innovative and ambitious project assignments
Securing appropriate allocation of staff to projects in line with the SW Computing Technology strategy, thus ensuring optimum skills-set up
Monitoring progress for ongoing software consulting, innovation and platform projects as well as removing impediments. If necessary, act as first contact for escalations.
Bringing key technologies to Business Areas and ensuring technical solutions to be delivered with full functionality on time and within budget
Act as interface to internal and external stakeholders and within respective networks, advertising activities and striving for corporate-wide visibility of the projects 
Contribute to overall SW Technologies / SW Computing Technology strategy
Develop and introduce communication and cooperation strategy with vertical teams within global SW Technologies
Qualifications
Academic Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or comparable field of studies
Long-term experience with software development, including leadership roles
Advanced knowledge and understanding of system and software architectures (AUTOSAR, POSIX based, Multicore), software engineering principles and techniques, effort estimations and agile development processes 
Knowledge of cloud technologies and infrastructure would be appreciated
High affinity to future technologies
Good German and English language skills (spoken and written)
Solid communication skills and high level of diplomacy and ability to negotiate difficult and complex situations
Strong commitment and customer orientation
Very good analytical and problem-solving skills as well as high quality understanding
Team orientation and goal-oriented working style
You are looking for an individual working time model? We support part-time work.
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We promote lifelong learning combined with personal and professional development
You will have the option of a flexible work schedule model
You will encounter an interesting working environment in the fields of agile automotive software development
Besides your exciting new job, the region around Regensburg offers a high recreational value and quality of life
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Siemensstraße 12, 93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -