Jobs by email
ECT European Computer Telecoms AG
Scrum Master working in Munich, Germany
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Einleitung
 ECT is a tech company dedicated to better business outcomes for communications service providers (CSPs) and their customers. With our Telecoms Low-Code Application Platform (T-LCAP), Packaged Business Capabilities (PBCs), ready-to-use apps and agile co-development, we enable CSPs to compose, enhance and individualize telecoms services and products implemented within their telecoms network. Our parent company, the European Computer Telecoms AG, is a German public company located in Munich, Germany, where we employ engineering experts from over 30 countries. The language of our company is English. German is not required.
Be part of our new 4 day work week, 32 hours, on full payment. Enjoy an unrivaled work/life balance next to your daily challenges as an employee at ECT.
We are currently hiring a  Scrum Master  for our team working in Munich, Germany
Ihre Aufgaben
Scrum Master managing our internal software development projects
Organize and facilitate project planning, daily stand-up meetings, reviews, retrospectives, sprint and release planning, demos and other meetings
Assist teams with planning and forecasting
Manage the project management tools as necessary to support team success, e.g. Jira, Confluence etc.
Planning release windows, release notes and the overall release lifecycle
Management of stakeholder expectations as well as definition and control of milestones through all project phases (concept/requirement, planning, design, implementation, delivery and acceptance).
Ihr Profil
At least 2 years of experience managing software projects as a Scrum Master within Telecom operators or IT industry
University degree in IT  or equivalent experience
Certified Scrum Master
Excellent knowledge of Jira and Confluence and other project management tools
Good knowledge of release and change management
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English 
Wir bieten
  Who we are:
We have an amazing, highly diverse team with colleagues from Brazil, Colombia, Egypt, Finland, France, Germany, Guatemala, Greece, India, Indonesia, Iran, Ireland, Mexico, the Netherlands, Pakistan, Peru, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Sri Lanka, Tunisia, Turkey, the USA, etc.
We care about you. An unrivaled work/life balance – you work a 4-day week, 32-hours, but get paid for 5 days!
We care about you. All employees participate in the success of our company via our company bonus. We offer a highly competitive compensation package,  relocation assistance, free breakfast and lunch, and 30 workdays of paid vacation.
We invest in your future. We encourage all employees to participate in further education. We offer in-house language courses and trainings, external seminars and university courses. Many colleagues have even completed company-sponsored MBA programs.
We care about our community. For over 20 years, we have been the main sponsor of the Munich Chamber Orchestra and all employees receive tickets to their amazing concerts.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ECT European Computer Telecoms AG
Westendstrasse 160, 80339 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -