Jobs by email
ZEISS
Release Train Engineer for Digital Products in Medical Technology (f/m/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Act as the servant leader and mentor for an Agile Release Train (ART) implementing digital workflows and web-based applications for microsurgery
Plan and facilitate the ART’s events and processes through the preparation, planning, execution, and learning cycles to help improve value delivery.
Collaborate with ART business owners, Product Managers, System Architects, Software Engineers, Quality Engineers, and others to leads, foster collaboration between them, and optimize the flow of value the ART delivers.
Mentor and support all areas of the ART using metrics and tools to ensure performance visibility.
Work with internal and external development teams and partners worldwide
Propose and implement program execution improvements and operational excellence, dringing a relentless improvement mindset
Foster the inclusion of crucial stakeholders and communities of practice to improve knowledge exchange
Ensure consistent agile processes across the teams, tracking of progress KPIs and reporting to upper level
Ihr Profil
BSc in Computer Science or related field, advanced degree preferred.
Five years of experience working directly with Agile teams on projects as a Release Train Engineer or a Scrum Master.
Eight years of relevant IT experience developing on-premise and cloud software solutions.
Three years of software design and coding experience for desktop or web applications.
Agile or SAFe certification. Strong knowledge of Agile approaches – Kanban, Scrum, XP, etc.
Technology leadership skills, demonstrating the importance of good decision making and strategic discipline through example and mentorship.
High-level understanding of software architecture and software delivery lifecycle to provide context of teams work to management as needed.
Strong servant leader skills – you work well with people, are able to determine roles needed for projects and structure agile teams.
Ability to manage enterprise-wide programs and interact effectively with senior leadership. Able to achieve big picture objectives while paying atten-tion to details.
Strong tactical, strategic thinking, problem solving skills, and leadership.
Experience managing projects and programs across geographical regions. Ability to lead and motivate diverse project teams and juggle multiple tasks.
Ability to function in a team-oriented environment and influence staff, col-leagues, and superiors.
Experience running Agile using Microsoft Azure DevOps and ALM tools.
Experience with Agile development for regulated medical products is a plus.
Experience of utilizing Agile development principles to hardware is a plus.
Fluent speaking and writing skills in English and German.
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Celine Gianotti
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.