Jobs by email
1&1 Mail & Media
Senior Data Analyst (f/m/d) - onsite or remote / home office
Karlsruhe, München, bundesweit, Home-Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
With our strong brands GMX, WEB.DE and mail.com and over 42 million active users, we are the leading email and communications platform in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. From this strong market position, services and apps are developed that simplify users' digital lives - from office tools and cloud solutions to personal ID management.
Your tasks
Data is your passion? You are burning for data analytics and want to make a real difference in a digital company with an agile environment and flat hierarchies? We have more than just a job waiting for you: The opportunity to use your skills and ideas to build up and advance data analytics topics and to develop individually. As a data analyst, you will help us launch new IT security solutions to protect our more than 43 million customer accounts of the brands GMX, WEB.DE and mail.com from cyber-attacks.
You build up our data analytics in the Big Data environment for generating business insights and recommendations for action.
You are responsible for the identification of new technologies and further development of the data analytics environment.
You work in an agile team consisting of software developers, data analysts, operation engineers and QA engineers.
You will work on your own projects and try out new technologies on prototypes as part of "Slack Days".
We appreciate
You have completed a degree with a focus on data analytics or a comparable education and have several years of experience in the field of data and feel ready for a technical deep dive? Are you a real team player, do you have a passion for data and prefer to work "hands-on"? Then we are looking forward to your application!
You have very good knowledge of common data analytics methods from the areas of machine learning and statistics, such as data modeling, data mining or neural networks.
You have several years of experience in prototyping and development with Python.
You have a good technical understanding of Big Data processes and operationalizing Data Science approaches into operations.
You translate complex requests from a wide variety of business units into data analytics and independently develop proposals and solutions.
You are curious and enjoy building things from scratch.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates