Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes 3DExcite GmbH
Software Engineer Distributed Systems (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Imagine new horizons…
Dassault Systèmes is the second largest software manufacturer in Europe and has been a dynamically growing, innovative company since 1981.
You have dreams? You enjoy a challenge? Here at Dassault Systèmes, we empower people with passion to change the world and create the future. Let’s open new horizons together with the power of 3DEXPERIENCE virtual universes!
Shape your career with 3DS! #WeAre3DS
Your role:
Dassault Systèmes (3DS) is an innovative technology company providing software for designing, manufacturing and maintaining products based on virtual twins. As Developer Distributed Rendering (m/f/d) you will be part of the Stellar Physically Correct team. You will contribute to this by developing the 3DS global illumination renderer, which provides highest quality renderings of virtual twins of products interactively or offline, on a single machine or in compute clusters. You will evolve and maintain the in-house distribution library used to render on high performance clusters (HPC) as well as on cloud environments.
#Rendering #DistributedSystems #3DExcite
Your responsibilities:
Work as a developer in an agile team, in close collaboration with other teams developing the rendering library and integrating it into 3DS applications
Maintain and evolve the in-house distribution library used for distributed rendering by analyzing requirements, devising and implementing new features and performance optimizations, writing automatic tests and developer documentation for new features, and fixing bugs
Suggest improvements to the distributed renderer on your own
Work in collaboration with your teammates, actively sharing knowledge via code and design reviews
Your qualifications:
Computer Science degree or equivalent, ideally with a focus on distributed systems and networks
At least 4 years of experience as a Software Engineer working on complex systems, with significant experience working on the performance critical, foundational aspects of distributed systems (focus on system scalability and latency)
Good programming skills: C++, multithreaded programming, multiprocess communication via MPI/RPC, experience with continuous delivery and writing effective automatic tests. Extra: experience with boost ASIO, network programming, and Python
Significant experience designing software systems (requirements engineering, software architecture design and documentation)
You are a team player, who is able to work independently in a Scrum team
Fascination for efficient distributed computing (special interest in distributed rendering is a clear plus)
What's in it for you?
Contribute to state-of-the-art rendering technology used by all Dassault Systèmes brands
Friendly, open, collaborative teammates
Opportunity to shape the architecture and future of the distribution library and beyond
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Dassault Systemes 3DExcite GmbH
München, Deutschland