Jobs by email
ZEISS
Lead Software Engineer Identity - xZEISS Platform Services (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
Munich based job with 40-60% hybrid work
Excellent teammates and a lead to support your development from day one onward.
Your role at ZEISS Digital Partners
Are you seeking new responsibilities?
You will play a essential role in expanding ZEISS Digital Partners unit and contributing to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. In this function you will work in a supportive, team-focused environment which enables the co-ideation and development of customer-centric digital products.
Together with your team you will develop the IAM solution used globally, across all ZEISS units. Building cloud native systems with a decently high grade of test automation, based on infrastructure as code is your thing. You enjoy developing resilient software which is easy to be maintained. Keeping the cost of change curve low is something you are passionate about. You excel in being first contact for technical questions for other teams and helping them integrate our solutions into their projects, always having the bigger picture in mind and support your team in architectural decisions.
If you want to know more about the role, kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sandro Phan (sandro.phan@zeiss.com).
Ihr Profil
experience with IAM with a good understanding of the OIDC / SAML specification
at least 3 years of professional experience in a similar position
excellent skills in software development with .NET and/or Go
understanding of current front-end technologies as well
a passion for automation
effective communication skills to easily navigate in corporate as well as technical environments, being mentor for others and enabling your team
fluent English language skills (written & spoken).
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Christian Szopinski, Joseph Taroni-Luxton, Sandro Phan, Steven Thompson
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.