Jobs by email
ZEISS
Product Owner Digital Business & E-Commerce (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
• Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
• Munich based job with 40-60% hybrid work
Excellent teammates and a lead to support your development from day one onward.
Your Role
You will play a crucial role by owning one of ZEISS’ Digital Business & E-Commerce products and actively contribute to the success of digital transformation at ZEISS. In this challenging function, you will identify and define value proposition and key functionalities of scalable e-commerce solutions to provide a superior customer experience and to generate business value for ZEISS. You will shape these ideas from inception to launch working closely together in joint projects with the ZEISS business units as well as our digital customer journey, digital enablement, and architecture & analytic teams and the Corporate IT department. You are responsible for
You will support a team in building differentiating, seamless digital business and e-commerce solutions and service offerings and rolling them out globally
Jointly with your business partners, you are responsible for the backlog work of a cross-functional team of business owners, UX/UI/CX designers and software engineers, identifying the right epics, decomposing them into stories and ensuring that they get refined, implemented, finished and launched
Support the continuous identification of customer needs and requirements to design and implement our next generation of digital business and omnichannel e-commerce solutions
Check and continuously monitor (via clear analytics KPIs) the viability of our digital business and e-commerce solutions
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree, preferably in business, natural sciences, or engineering, paired with a passion for both digital technologies and ZEISS’ products and markets
Strong skills in defining a product vision and translate into a product backlog, aligned with business and technology stakeholders
Strong skills in leading a cross-functional project team
Good skills in requirements engineering, digital business and e-commerce, and a profound understanding of agile software development
Good communication and analytical skills paired with empathy to easily navigate corporate as well as “geeky/nerdy” environments
Fluent English and advanced German language skills
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Sandro Phan
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.