Jobs by email
Software AG
IFRS Revenue Recognition Manager*
Darmstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
Software AG simplifies the connected world. Founded in 1969 it helps deliver the experiences that employees, partners and customers now expect. Its technology creates the digital backbone that integrates applications, devices, data, and clouds; empowers streamlined processes; and connects “things” like sensors, devices and machines. It helps 10,000+ organizations to become a truly connected enterprise and make smarter decisions, faster.
Our story goes beyond technology. We put people first – employees, customers, and partners. We build strong teams and cultivate relationships that last. We provide incomparable products, solutions, services, and technical excellence for our customers. We are a team of about 5,000 colleagues across 70+ countries who value inclusion, integrity, and innovation. Our size means everyone has an impact and every voice is valued. We are big enough to compete and small enough to care.  
Be you, join us.
We are currently seeking a IFRS Revenue Recognition Manager* who will play a vital role in ensuring the completeness and correctness of Software AG’s top line performance in external financial reporting under both IFRS and HGB. This role involves interactions with various stakeholders across the organization, including Sales, Commercial and Business Operations, Legal, Local and Regional Finance and Treasury, as well as external parties such as our auditors and subject matter experts. As part of an experienced team, the Manager of Finance Operations identifies opportunities to deploy innovative technology in the finance operations processes. This is a unique opportunity for an experienced finance professional who would like to work in the software/tech industry.
IFRS Revenue Recognition Manager*
Location: Darmstadt (Germany)
Essential functions:
Research, document, train, and provide guidance on revenue recognition and other accounting issues related to Software as a Service, software and services business/pricing models
Work in cross-functional teams to structure new business models and contemplated transactions in the light of the expected revenue accounting
Communicate and ensure enforcement of revenue accounting requirements in new business models and contemplated transactions
Deal support: Provide guidance on transactional revenue recognition for regional and local finance managers and line of business colleagues; interact with sales teams and work on deal structuring
Anticipate and proactively address cross-functional effects of new business model accounting rules on Software AG’s global finance and controlling processes, external reporting and other finance areas
Engage in proactive and positive interaction with external auditors and internal groups (e. g., sales, Legal, Pricing and Finance)
Your profile:
Understanding of IFRS, in particular the revenue recognition standard IFRS 15 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers)
Strong organization and communication skills; assertive; ability to balance multiple projects in a fast paced and rapidly changing environment
Ability to communicate and work in a team that supports multiple geographic regions across the globe
Business understanding and strong interest in building bridges between technical accounting and business model innovation
University degree preferably in accounting and/or auditing
Experience in revenue recognition and related processes in the software industry gathered in a finance or commercial role is preferred
Very good English language skills
Additional skills, but not mandatory:
Experience driving digitalization in accounting and finance
Stay abroad for work or study
What’s in it for you?
Earn competitive total compensation and receive comprehensive country-specific medical and other benefits.
Enjoy time and location flexibility with our hybrid working model, which allows a remote workshare of up to 60 %. Work anywhere in your country or abroad for up to 10 days per year.
Set yourself up for success in your new role by upgrading your home office space using your one-time hybrid working payment.
Lean on the Employee Assistance Program for support during some of life’s most common but difficult challenges.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Software AG
Uhlandstraße 9, 64297 Darmstadt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -