Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Design Verification Engineer (New Graduate)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Imagine yourself at the center of our SOC/chip DV effort. Where you will be collaborating with all fields, playing a meaningful role of getting functional products to millions of customers quickly. We have outstanding career opportunities for grads interested in applying their hardware and software knowledge towards verification process of a large scale SoC. Join Apple!
The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices — strengthening our dedication to leave the world better than we found it.
Are you ready to join our team and help us deliver the next groundbreaking Apple products?
Description
You will work with the SOC Design Verification Team to develop verification test plans, tools, test benches, protocol monitors, and high-coverage stimulus vectors.
You will apply sophisticated techniques to achieve SOC verification with the highest quality, efficiency, and time-to-market. You will work closely with the design team to ensure timely delivery of quality designs. You will also be involved in Post Silicon Validation.,
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Familiarity with test creation, logic simulation & debug.
Knowledge of Object Oriented programming.
Knowledge of scripting languages
Should be a great teammate with excellent communication skills.
Familiarity with verification environments e.g. UVM, System Verilog is a plus
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Apple Distribution International ULC
München, Deutschland