Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior/Expert) Product Owner - Safety (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V684
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission (Required)
MBition GmbH is developing and integrating the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems. As a product owner you will be a part of the product safety team which enables development and release of all safety-critical functions allocated to the infotainment system for Mercedes-Benz vehicles. This job gives you the great opportunity to work on the management side as a product owner as well as on the development side. Giving you freedom to integrate your ideas into the product. You will join a motivated team of focused engineers trying to provide the safety infrastructure for the whole MBition and its partners. This provides you with the great chance to connect throughout the company. In this context, you will collaborate on daily bases with different Mercedes-Benz AG entities and suppliers, bringing the next generation infotainment system to the market. 
Sneak preview of your future tasks
As a Product Owner of a scrum team you will take care of
Aligning with stakeholders on requirements that apply to the safety-critical functions
Management of 3rd party suppliers
Defining the feature roll out plan (FROP)
Resolving dependencies and conflicts between development teams
Leading the definition of user stories for the team
Prioritising the team backlog in close alignment with stakeholders
Lead the planning of team's sprint and definition of sprint goal(s)
Collaborate with other product owners and system product owner from other teams
Bugs, bugs, bugs (we don’t lie on that). Lead / make sure there is a root cause analysis performed on bugs and ensure fixes of the issue falls within the team's responsibilities
Provide regular status reports to the management
Qualifikationen
Your Profile (Required)
Education
Degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, electrical engineering or a comparable field
Experience
Hands-on experience working with multiple engineering teams, steering product direction from discovery to delivery with a strong customer focus
Proficiency in defining, managing and prioritisation functional requirements that can be shared and communicated with different teams and stakeholders
Good understanding of agile and classic development processes and common modern tools
Experience maintaining the product backlog, prioritising and defining requirements while keeping a strong focus on product quality, reliability, stability, and scalability
Deep knowledge of at least one programming language to be able to understand SW requirements, system architecture and provide ideas of improvement. Preferable C / C++
Hands-on experience with JIRA and Confluence
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English, German is a plus
Nice to have
Good understanding of functional safety (ISO 26262) or safety of the intended functionality (ISO 21448) is a great plus
Familiarity with ASPICE
Familiarity with the whole automotive product life-cycle with safety- or security-critical aspects 
Experience with requirements management tools such as DOORS Classic / Next Generation, PTC Integrity, Polarion, etc.
Personal Skills
Team-player having very good communication skills
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritisation and multi-tasking skills Ability
Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting technical issues
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and passion
Ability to deal with conflicts and handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? (Required)
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building facing the Spree (Berlin Headquarter)
Remote work possible (for legal reasons only inside Germany)
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee and fruits, and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. 
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.