Jobs by email
Lam Research GmbH
Field Service Engineer 3
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Success Starts Here
As a leading global supplier of wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry, Lam Research develops innovative solutions that help our customers build smaller, faster, and more power-efficient devices. We are a company comprised of people who work hard, deliver outstanding results and maintain a sense of humor during even the most challenging times. Our success results from our employees' diverse technical and business expertise, which fuels close collaboration and ongoing innovation. We know that our dynamic, global team of exceptional employees is essential to our continued growth. Join the Lam Research team, where you can play a vital role in the future of electronics and write your own success story.
Job Responsibilities
This position is based in Regensburg, Germany.
Technical
Responsible for providing quality on-site repair and maintenance service of complex electro-mechanical systems. Analytical troubleshooting of technical problems to component level. Performs complete installation/relocation start-up services
Troubleshoot equipment problems and conduct diagnostic procedures to isolate problems and take steps to minimize downtime or system interruptions and eliminate equipment malfunctions. Determine corrective actions as required.
Lead installations and/or relocate equipment at customers’ sites. Conduct associated start-up, cut over and check-out activities on the newly installed system.
Remain up to date on equipment/tools through appropriate training, manuals, factory periodicals and other relevant materials.
Assist in complex field modifications and updates as released in Engineering Change Notifications.
Maintain records and reports as required to properly coordinate activities with supervisors and customers.
Assist in the planning, management, and execution of projects of a limited scope and duration
May perform other related duties as assigned or requested by manager
Other Job Responsibilities
Leadership
Provide technical instruction and mentoring for Engineer Level 1 and 2.
May Provide on-site instruction to sub-contractors and customers.
Customer Relation
Professionally represent the company to the customer. Be committed to customer satisfaction and develop good customer relations by maintaining standards of conduct acceptable to both Lam and customers.
Present escalation action plans and status
Minimum Qualifications
BS degree in electronics, engineering or other applicable field of study and a minimum of 5 years of work experience or Technical degree with +6 years of relevant experience.
Previous experience in installation, maintenance, repair and troubleshooting of semiconductor capital equipment adhering to company procedures.
Work in constrictive clean room environment, wearing appropriate personal protective safety equipment.
Able to work rapidly for prolonged periods of time, including bending, stooping, reaching, walking, sitting and standing in one location.
Understand and work from electrical and mechanical schematics and diagrams.
Ability to interpret operation manuals to determine root cause of tool failures.
Experience in Microsoft Office Suite and data analysis tools.
Work independently, cooperatively in a team or with customers completing assignments with minimal supervision and a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail
Perform effectively in a demanding environment with changing workloads.
Adhere to customer rules and policies regarding worksite behavior and safety.
Able to travel frequently
Our Commitment
We believe it is important for every person to feel valued, included, and empowered to achieve their full potential. By bringing unique individuals and viewpoints together, we achieve extraordinary results.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Lam Research GmbH
Regensburg, Deutschland