Jobs by email
Synapticon GmbH
Functional Safety Engineer - Embedded Systems (m/f/d)
Schönaich
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
HACKING THE PHYSICS AND ECONOMICS OF MOTION CONTROL WITH DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY
At Synapticon we’re reshaping the world of motion control for robotics and machinery at the point of motion. The company introduces an entirely new approach to motion axes by integrating formerly discrete components, such as motors, drives, sensors and gearboxes into seamless units and digitizing performance and quality factors that are so far dependent on costly mechanical manufacturing. Innovation leaders around the world choose to work with Synapticon to path their way into the future of intelligent, motion control-related systems.  Be part of it, join Synapticon!
Your mission
We are looking for a clever, creative person to define, document and implement innovative functional safety concepts for our products. You will be pushing the boundaries of integrated safety by applying an overall system approach to safety development. Your strong suit is functional safety software, but you feel home reading schematics and discussing hardware concepts with our experts as well. 
We are not quite sure what the ideal candidate looks like. But we assume it starts with a passion for functional safety and robotics and a strong urge to envision and develop smarter safety solutions than anybody else in the industry. Great communication skills to bounce ideas with certified bodies and to drive the certification process will help you to efficiently navigate through the sometimes rough waters of safety development. 
Your Profile
REQUIRED:
Minimum 3 years of experience developing embedded software for safety critical systems
Knowledge of V-model development processes for SW and HW
Familiar with IEC 61508 and ISO 13849
Experience with reading and understanding norms and regulations
Knowledge of FMEA, FMEDA and reliability calculations
Experience with certification processes and communication with notified bodies
NICE TO HAVE:
Knowledge of functional safety for components for the automation industry especially drives and encoders 
Experience with functional safety software development processes
Experience with the implementation of functional safety software diagnostic functions
Experience with FSoE, IEC 61800-5-2 and IEC 61800-5-3 
Benefits
30 days paid vacation
Full time (40 hours/per week), permanent contract
Company pension plan
We offer the possibility of working from home (if desired)
Flexible working hours when life life gets in the way 
Annual performance and salary negotiations to align your compensation with your professional successAn international team with lots of opportunities for career advancement
  Company support for gym memberships provided by Qualitrain
Job bike to get to work healthy and fit
Birthday vouchers
Drinks and coffee (free of charge, of course)
Daily snacks and fruits for all employees and breakfast every Monday
Regular global team building events such as boot camps, skiing and a BBQ every Friday in summer. Spouses and children are welcome to join the BBQ on Fridays
  Highly competent colleagues who are experts in their field and happy to help you to learn and to grow
Modern office facilities with lounge and football table 
The beautiful countryside around the office at our location in Schönaich with nice transport connections
Shared apartment (WG) upon to availability
Visa sponsorship, if required
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Company mobile phone
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates