Jobs by email
Continental AG
Software Developer and Integrator Linux (m/f/diverse)
Lindau (Bodensee)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our area Autonomous Mobility at the location Lindau, Neu-Ulm or Ulm.
Your tasks will focus on the following activities:
Defining and implementing of software integration strategy according to architecture and project plan
Configuring and implementing of Adaptive AUTOSAR components and systems
Requirements engineering and development of test specifications and test cases for software development, acceptance and integration testing
Continuous improvement of the project environment and its components
Working in complex multi-processor projects and supporting project team members in development, debugging of failures and consulting in integration and releasing activities
Enabling and development of continuous integration, testing and deployment solutions in the project
Working with highly motivated agile teams and collaboration to achieve the project goals
Qualifications
Academic degree in Engineering (e.g. Computer Science, Software Engineering, Informatics) or comparable qualification
Experience with C/C++ and knowledge in Compiler, Linker and Software build environments in Linux/Windows
Experience with embedded software development projects (V Model & Agile) and related tools, preferable within the automotive industry
Experience with Classic/Adaptive AUTOSAR architecture, -tools and configuration methods
Experience with debugging, error hunting and knowledge in software test methods, testing know-how
Knowledge of Jenkins, GitHub, Yocto, BitBake, CMake or similar technologies desirable
Business fluent English language skills (written and spoken)
Very good communication skills 
Ability and motivation to collaborate with others
Planning and organizing as well as quality orientation skills
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
What we offer:
Our products save lives. We offer you an interesting and varied job as part of a motivated team at one of the largest suppliers to the automotive industry
An attractive compensation package that comes along with unique flexible working conditions like hybrid work, flexible working time, sabbaticals that help you to balance work, family and spare time
Exciting, varied projects in our high-tech customer environment
Numerous career opportunities and the rapid assumption of responsibility, in line with our four corporate values passion to win, trust, freedom and for one another
A large selection of internal and external training measures, supported by our group-wide learning platform and regular feedback meetings as part of our talent management
A comprehensive range of additional benefits, such as various sports and wellness offers, JobRad and sick pay supplement
Child care services, subsidies for child-sick days and much more
Attractive regions to live and work directly on Lake Constance, in the country or in the cosmopolitan city with a heart
Shape the future of autonomous mobility with us!
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Peter-Dornier-Straße, 88131 Lindau (Bodensee), Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -