Jobs by email
Deutsche Lufthansa AG
Solution Architect (m/w/divers)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Deutsche Lufthansa AG is a globally operating aviation group. In the financial year 2021, it generated annual revenue of EUR 16,811bn with an average of 105,290 employees. Deutsche Lufthansa AG is organized into the business segments Network Airlines, Point-to-Point Airlines, the Aviation Services segment with the business segments Logistics, MRO and Catering, and the other companies and Group functions.
Tasks
Do you have passion to disrupt an entire industry? This is a once in a lifetime chance to redefine airline retailing. You will be part of the Order Management team working in the strategic program CORE and implement customer centric retailing capabilities for the entire Lufthansa Group.
You shape LHG capabilities based on IATA OneOrder, analyse business requirements with stakeholders and translate them into solution designs compliant with the LHG architecture target picture.
Defining requirements & concepts for the accounting layer for the transitional and future offer & order management architecture
Driving the change of processes, mindsets and systems to achieve a real-time order-based accounting
Design solution architectures, evaluate the technical feasibility, lead discussions about design trade-offs, drive conflict resolution and align with Finance IT domain architects
Contribute to the OneOrder target architecture and oversee adherence to it
Create Solution & Security Architecture Documents hand-in-hand with IT Security and present them at the Architecture Boards
Shape infrastructure and technology stack in close collaboration with Software Engineering, IT Security and IT Operations
Be the technical leader for innovation & infrastructure topics
Requirements
Degree in computer science or equivalent
Min. 5 years of experience as architect
Excellent knowledge of solution architecture design, software engineering, enterprise architecture design patterns and project management
Broad technical background, ability to quickly familiarize with new technologies and curiosity to continuously learn
Profound knowledge of current airline settlement and accounting processes/systems and the global airline accounting eco-system (e.g. tools, players, legal requirements, trends etc.)
Highly innovative mindset, empowerment and ability to find pragmatic solutions
Ability to represent complex facts precisely and high abstraction ability
Very good spoken and written English skills
Benefits
13. Salary / holiday allowance
Old-age provision / employee retirement
Profit sharing / LVV (bonus)
Free parking
Flight privileges
Canteen (subsidized by employer)
Jobticket
Service phone
Support for relocation
Discounts / shopping
Hybrid working possible
Flexible working hours
Fitness studio / sports facilities / company football etc.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Deutsche Lufthansa AG
Airportring 1, 60546 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -