Jobs by email
Universitätsklinikum Heidelberg
Data Analyst with expertise – mathematics / bioinformatics (m/f/d)
Be an early applicant
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The University Hospital Heidelberg (UKHD) is one of the major healthcare centers in Germany. Our objective is the development of innovative diagnostics and therapies as well as their quick implementation for the patient. With about 10,700 employees in more than 50 specialized clinical departments with almost 2,000 beds, about 80,000 patients in part-time and full-time inpatient treatment as well as 1,000,000 patients in ambulant treatment are medicated each year.
Data Analyst with expertise in mathematics / bioinformatics (m/f/d)
for the next possible date at the Institute of Immunology (Director: Prof. Dr. A. Roers).
For over 40 years, we have been operating the international, multicenter 'Collaborative Transplant Study' (CTS), one of the world's largest databases in the field of transplantation medicine. Based on these data, our research addresses fundamental questions in transplantation immunology. A new project is being launched in collaboration with the German Center for Infection Research (DZIF), investigating infectious complications in immunosuppressed transplant recipients.
Job-ID: V000010686
Field of application: Institute of Immunology
Location: Heidelberg
Start date: as soon as possible
Job Category: IT
Working hours: full-/ part-time (75% - 100%)
Limitation: Temporary (3 years, extending possible)
Contract: TV-L
Your tasks
Your tasks include design of new IT concepts, extension of existing database structures, harmonization of datasets of different databases, and statistical analysis.
Your profile
Master's degree in mathematics, (bio)informatics, natural sciences (or comparable qualification) and expertise in programming and statistics for a medical research project
Profound knowledge and extensive practical skills in
Statistics (SPSS, SAS or R)
Programming
Design and administration of relational SQL databases
English language
Committed personality
Independence and sense of responsibility, a conscientious work style and communication skills
We offer
Goal-oriented, individual training and development opportunities
Targeted initial training
Job ticket
Subsidy for vacation care for school children
Active health promotion
Company pension plan
Access to the university library and other university facilities (e.g. university sports)
Contact & Application
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Universitätsklinikum Heidelberg
69120 Heidelberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates