Jobs by email
ZEISS
Technical Expert (m/w/x)
Aalen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Your Role:
Create concepts for new innovative medical products that improve vision for millions of people
Engage with fundamental processes of vision
Identify new trends and innovations in the field of ophthalmic optics in collaboration with start-ups and research institutions
Support project teams during the product development process
Participate in studies and verify results
Become a technology expert
Stay up to date with technical trends by working on innovative projects, training and conferences
Improve yourself and acquire certifications
Ihr Profil
Your Profile:
Very good Master's degree in physics, optics or comparable field of study, preferably with PhD
Excellent knowledge in optics and hands-on experience with optical systems
Knowledge in the field of ophthalmic optics is an advantage
Enthusiasm for innovative technologies
Good user/customer understanding
Hands-on mindset
Enjoy solving difficult problems
Good communication skills with internal and external partners
Fluent English, German language skills are an advantage
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Daniela Kraus
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73431 Aalen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.