Jobs by email
DENSO ADAS Engineering Services GmbH
IT DevOps Specialist (m/f/d)
Lindau
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Who we are
We are an approx. 40-strong company based in Lindau (Germany) directly at Lake of Constance and at the foot of the Alps, and also one of the leading companies in the field of computer vision-based driving and safety functions for autonomous driving. As part of DENSO Corporation, the world's second largest tier-one automotive supplier, we offer the best of both worlds: We combine a start-up atmosphere with the security of a corporation behind us and stand for flexibility both in our products and as an employer.
What you'll do
Planning and implementation of complex toolchains/frameworks and their maintenance/support
Conception/support of new development processes and guidelines for the internal software development department
Support and configuration of complex hardware and software components in in-house development vehicles
Integration/configuration/maintenance and further development of the company's internal development environment and its databases (Atlassian, CI-system, CMake, IDEs ...)
Support in the administration of the server infrastructure, Active Directory and other server services
Participation in the planning of all projects that use the in-house development environment
Support with first- and second-level user support
Implementation of scripts (Shell, Python etc.) related to the internal development environment
Support in planning internal roadmaps regarding the software development environment
Support of the person responsible for the IT infrastructure in the company
Support/creation of subject-related documentation
What you'll need
University degree in computer science or a comparable qualification
Professional experience in the field of IT and DevOps
Knowledge of database design and implementation
Knowledge of scripting languages (PHP, Perl, Python, PowerShell, Bash)
Experience with C/C++ including compilation of software using gcc/g++/Visual C++
Knowledge in configuration of complex computer systems (network, software etc.)
Knowledge of CI systems such as Bamboo, Jenkins
Knowledge of version control systems like Git
Experience with test-driven development
Understanding of software development lifecycles (SDLC) and how to use them in real life
Desirable technical skills and soft skills
Experience in the automotive sector
Experience with ROS/ROS2
Experience with agile software development
Experience with real-time and safety-critical software development
Motivated to learn new things
Enjoy working in a multicultural team
Proactive and able to work independently
Fluency in German and English (written and spoken) are mandatory requirements for the advertised position.
What you'll get
Open minded and multicultural company culture
Various training and development opportunities
Flexible working time model
Option for teleworking
Sabbatical
Attractive allowances (meal allowance, childcare allowance etc.)
Modern office space, free parking garage and a beautiful garden
Creativity room for breaks and free time or creative brainstorming meetings
Employee benefits, e.g. supplementary health insurance, JobRad, discounts for health, wellness and sports activities
Exciting events (summer barbeque, Christmas party etc.)
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
DENSO ADAS Engineering Services GmbH
Kemptener Str. 99, 88131 Lindau, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -