Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Specialist for Virtual Prototyping in ASIC and SoC Design (f/m/div.)
Reutlingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Reutlingen
Your tasks
As a Specialist for Virtual Prototyping, you will support the software development by designing, developing and integrating SystemC-based virtual prototypes of Automotive ASICs and SoCs.
In addition, you will be responsible for modeling customer-specific functions and algorithms, simulating, verifying and analyzing virtual prototypes, and evaluating the development result.
You will coordinate requirements with the relevant specialists, project plans with customers and within the development team. You also collaborate with internal and external development partners.
Furthermore your tasks also include the development from concept to series production readiness, as well as balancing deadlines, quality and costs. In doing so, you align your actions with the project goals.
Finally you have an eye for (design) details and at the same time an eye for the big picture in terms of system and customer requirements and can communicate with clear statements in both directions.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (Master/Diploma/PhD) in computer science or a comparable subject, preferably with focus on microelectronics
Personality and Working Practice: team player, goal- and customer-oriented, structured, enthusiastic, enjoys challenges and problem-solving methods
Experience and Knowledge: excellent understanding of digital circuit modeling and embedded software development: SystemC, C/C++, VHDL/Verilog, processor architectures, on-chip buses, digital IP;  knowledge of methods and tools for developing and prototyping digital circuits
Languages: fluent in written and spoken English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Tübinger Straße 123, 72770 Reutlingen, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.