Jobs by email
NTT DATA Business Solutions AG
Project Manager SAP (f/m/d)
Paris, Lyon, Toulouse
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Empowering you - to break new ground!
NTT Data Business Solution is one of the most important SAP partners in the world, and one of the only Platinum Partners of SAP today. Our German headquarters are located in Bielefeld, and our French offices are located in Paris, Lyon and Toulouse.
The NTT Data Group has more than 130,000 dedicated experts and over 6,000 satisfied customers in over 60 countries, making it one of the world's top 8 IT service providers.
The French subsidiary has 150 employees who are experts in Supply Chain, Finance and Management Control.
Our clients are active in all sectors of activity, and more particularly in manufacturing, automotive, aeronautics, luxury and retail, and business services.
ARE YOU READY TO BREAK NEW GROUND?
Location: Paris, Lyon, Toulouse
Do you love challenges?
■ Manage a full cycle projects in various fields (logistics, finance, etc.).
■ Implement and deploy S/4HANA projects (including SAP's RISE offering), and ECC upgrades to S/4HANA, with Activate+ methodology.
■ Manage key stakeholder relationships efficiently. Provide regular progress reports.
■ Ensure that the project(s) or initiative(s) produce the required deliverables to the agreed standard of quality and within the specified constraints of cost, risk and time.
■ Manage project budgets and ressources (10 to 35 people, functional and offshore team).
■ Participate actively in sharing best practices, internal training, continuous improvement processes.
This role will involve a mixture of working from our client's premises, remote and working from our offices (Paris, Lyon, Toulouse).
You will be joining a supportive and approachable team. Which means that as a new joiner, you will always have someone available to offer help and guidance.
Convince us with your potential
You are great at:
■ Performing in a Project Manager function in a multi-disciplined (e.g. SAP MM, SD, FICO, EWM, QM, PP...).
■ Working closing with Development and Functional teams:
■ Mastering project planning processes, techniques and methodologies.
■ Managing stakeholders, negotiation and conflict, with the ability to identify and escalate issues appropriately.
Must-haves:
■ Minimum 5 years experience as a SAP project manager
■ Ability to work in multiple environments
■ Ability to practice a close and participative management
■ Adaptability and ability to quickly learn the project management tools specific to NTT DATA
■ Professional or fluent English and French (written and oral)
■ Mobility (regular travel)
That is what makes us special
■ Team-oriented corporate culture, collaboration as equals and steady knowledge transfer
■ Diversity & Inclusion (e.g. various initiatives & communities)
■ Flexible working hours, part-time models, mobile working - location-independent working (e.g. home office)
■ Individually tailored onboarding program including a mentoring program and sustainable career support with our career model
■ Inhouse Academy with a variety of professional technical training, soft skills training, SAP Learning Hub and certification opportunities
■ Wide range of events (team events, employee parties, internal sports tournaments)
DO you have questions?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Sport activities/facilities
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Company car
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates