Jobs by email
LucaNet AG
Global People Analytics Manager (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
About us
Every day, we prove that managing financial data doesn’t have to be rocket science with our Corporate Performance Management software solutions.  LucaNet has been growing today to simplify tomorrow since 1999. A single tool that presents financial data in a transparent, easy-to-understand way. Berlin is our home, but you’ll find us wherever reliable financial data is needed with. With offices in over 14 countries across APAC, EMEA and the Americas, more than 3,500 companies in over 50 countries trust LucaNet, including brands like Toshiba, Delivery Hero, PwC, FTI Touristik, Leica, Roland Berger and Vaude.  
Find out more about LucaNet as an employer here
The Role
Are you passionate about people analytics, HR reporting, and data-driven solutions? LucaNet is looking for our very first Global People Analytics Manager, reporting directly to our VP Global People, Organization & Legal. This role will work primarily with Personio, PowerBI/Tableau/Excel and support a wide variety of data-related activities including ad-hoc reporting, integrations support, annual reporting processes, investor and ESG reporting, automation, and data visualization and analytics. The person in this role will leverage their process-oriented approach to develop sustainable practices and ensure we deliver accurate and actionable data for the business. This role can be based out of our global HQ in Berlin, in any of our global offices or fully remote. 
  Powered by uniqueness
Everybody’s different here and we like it that way. At LucaNet, we are powered by the uniqueness of our people and are committed to creating an inclusive work environment where everyone can grow and feels respected. The more voices we have represented in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking.
That’s why we only want to assess candidates based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. You are welcome at LucaNet for who you are, no matter your gender identity, sexual orientations, personal expression, racial identity, ethnicity, religious belief, and disability status.
People don’t fit into neat boxes, we know that. If you think you’d excel in this position, even if you don’t cover all points, we really want to get to know you and why you’re great for the role. Please avoid including your picture, age, and marital status in your CV.
Learn more about our culture and D&I journey 
What you'll do
Cultivate data-driven insights that help support exploitation of strategic and tactical talent opportunities, and be a champion for a data-driven, decision-making culture within the People, Organization & Legal functional area 
Support People, Organization & Legal leaders in the development, assessment, refinement and implementation of corporate & HR strategies through effective use of data analytics 
Provide data analyst services to the People function 
Provide training for departmental and distributed end-users 
Create and present robust ad-hoc reports, data models, and deep dive analysis to provide clear observations so that people leaders can make more informed decisions 
Assist with a wide array of analytical tasks and projects supporting other departments (e.g. SOC certifications, employer audits, ESG reporting) 
Create and maintain various analytic reporting and data visualizations used by the People function to make decisions 
Assist in the creation of policies and procedures for the access, analysis and visualization of data and associated business insights; partnering with IT and Data teams 
Own and drive data quality management programs for all teams & departments within the People, Organization & Legal function 
What you bring to the table
First demonstrated experience in data modeling, optimization, and application to business strategies  
First experience in integrating complex, inter-departmental processes and information strategies, and/or designing strategic metrics and scorecards 
Thorough understanding of the latest data mining, machine learning and/or artificial intelligence trends 
Expert MS Excel skills and in-depth experience with or coursework in designing and implementing information solutions, business intelligence and data visualization tools, ideally PowerBI or Tableau 
Fluent English, German is an advantage 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
LucaNet AG
Alexanderplatz, 10178 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.