Jobs by email
Verivox GmbH
Site Reliability Engineer (m/f/d) - Ref.: 21900
Heidelberg, Berlin, Leipzig, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Become part of the Verivox Team!
Verivox is part of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and is one of the leading, independent online consumer portals in Germany. Since 1998 it is our mission to help consumers get the best deals for electricity, gas, DSL, mobile phones, finances, insurances, real estate, cars, motorbikes and travel. More than 8 million happy customers have compared prices, and then changed their provider - thereby saving more than EUR 1.6 billion. We are a fast-growing and profitable company and continuously strive to improve our services. Whether at any of our ten locations in Germany or in Switzerland: we are one team aiming to give our customers a better experience every day. A flat hierarchy and innovative and dynamic processes help us in achieving this aim - while still having fun being part of the team.
What you can expect
Become part of the Verivox team!
We are looking for you, Site Reliability Engineer (m/f/d)! We offer a fulltime position (40h/week) in one of our locations in either Heidelberg, Berlin, Leipzig or Munich. The offer includes the option of working several days per week in the mobile office.
Your Mission
Support other teams to automate the application lifecycle through build, test, stage, and deploy by using DevOps and Continuous Delivery/Deployment best practices
Ability to work cross-functionally with wider business teams
Experience with LINUX server administration
Experience with Windows server administration is a plus
Develop effective tooling, alerts, and response to identify and address the reliability risks of our services
Debugging production issues across distributed services and levels of the stack energizes you
On-Call? Sure, we are one team!
Your essential experience and education
Design CI/CD Pipelines (Jenkins)
2+ years of experience in a DevOps, Site Reliability, or comparable Cloud Engineering position
Contribute ideas to improve systems and processes
You demonstrate knowledge of cloud-based application deployments on the cloud stack of your choosing (Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform)
You have your applications running inside Linux containers (Docker) and orchestrate them via Kubernetes
Think automatic vs automated
Comfortable on the Console
While writing code and troubleshooting you draw on your experience in bash scripting, python, groovy
The OSI-Model is helping you understand network protocols and basic troubleshooting on network devices and overlay networking
Your services like message brokers are highly scalable, highly available, monitored, and logged
Nice to have: Elastic Search (stack) knowledge
What's in it for you?
More than 500 employees from over 30 nations as a collegial community with flat hierarchies
Our "New Normal": generous mobile office regulations enable you to work flexibly from home - already today, but also after Corona
Open, modern and friendly working environment with a startup feeling
Own area of responsibility with room to develop your own ideas and concepts
A relaxed and constantly evolving work environment where success is as important as regular team events
Informal working environment - no dress code
Exclusive employee benefits such as job ticket, job bike, lunch allowance, employee discounts and company pension scheme
Complimentary hot and cold drinks and fresh fruit
Centrally located with optimal transport connections
Variety of technologies. Our team works with Kubernetes/G-cloud, Docker, React, RabbitMQ, Jenkins, C#, .net core, PHP, locust, pact, ELK among others
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €