Jobs by email
Amazon Europe Core
Project Management Internship - Data Analytics
Luxemburg
Internship
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
Description
We are seeking savvy, motivated Project Management Interns to join our available roles in some of the following teams, including: Transportation, Operations Engineering, Operations Construction, Sustainability, Compliance, Prime Now, Amazon Logistics (AMZL), Amazon Transportation Services (ATS) or Environmental, Health, and Safety Programs (EHS).
An Amazon EU internship will provide you with an unforgettable experience in a dynamic and international environment.
We are looking for passionate, versatile and curious Project Management Interns to work with us on improvement and innovation projects to support the growth of our European network. We want to give our customers in Europe the best experience possible! As a Project Management Intern, you are a passionate advocate to drive operational efficiency with strong analytics and have excellent organizational and interpersonal skills. You must be an effective communicator, have a high sense of (internal) customer service and be able to work with cross-functional teams.
Job ID: 2325558 | Amazon Services EuropeSARL(LU)
Key Learning Objectives
Project Management – You will have learnt key success factors to project implementation and stakeholder management in a complex and international environment. You will have used advanced project management tools and will be able to successfully provide project members with support. You will have learnt to anticipate for and mitigate risks.
Data Analytics – At the end of this internship, you will have developed skills to extract and manipulate large and complex datasets, will be given insights on simulation models, and will have learnt to master the usage of analytics for driving business decisions and change.
Soft Skills – You will have learnt how to communicate results and status updates to stakeholders and Senior Management. You will have interacted with a wide range of people with very diverse roles
Key job responsibilities
Support Project Managers in one or several projects by assisting them in tracking open actions, conducting ad hoc deep dives to provide data insights useful for decision-making, analyzing processes to identify critical points and improvement opportunities, and anticipating for risks ·
Support the team in recommending and executing network improvements
Work with the team to identify process improvement or standardisation opportunities for the European network
Contribute with innovative long-term/lasting solutions beneficial for the entire team
Basic qualifications
You are currently working towards a 2+ year university degree in Engineering, Project Management, Business Management, or similar discipline
Excellent analytical skills, preferably with advanced level in Microsoft Excel (e.g. complex formulas, pivot tables, macros)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
Problem-solving mind-set, proactive issue resolution skills and ability to manage multiple priorities
You are able to demonstrate curiosity and pro-activity, which will allow you to gain greater autonomy in the course of the internship and make the most of your time with us to fully achieve your learning and development goals
Maximum 2 years of working experience
Preferred qualifications
Previous working knowledge of project management tools (e.g. Gantt charts, Microsoft Project, Asana)
Previous work experience (a summer job, internship), if it’s an experience in a related field or business, even better
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Company Benefits
Company pension
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.