Jobs by email
Allane SE
Cloud Platform Engineer (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
About us
"Allane makes mobility easy  in every way"
As the former Sixt Leasing SE, we now present ourselves under the name allane mobility group. This includes our brands Sixt Leasing, Sixt  Neuwagen, Sixt Mobility Consulting and Autohaus24. As a wholly owned subsidiary, Sixt Services, based in Rostock, offers fully comprehensive services in the operational business. The newly acquired captive leasing business completes our service portfolio. Our goal is to become the leading cross-brand provider of comprehensive mobility solutions in Europe. With our five business areas, we guarantee integrated solutions for every need.       
Your new role
You become part of our Cloud Team team, that builds our future platform Allane Cloud, based on AWS that will become the new core platform for all our websites, applications, products and services 
Your day-to-day work will be full of technologies such as Cloudflare, Terraform, Terragrunt, Github Actions, Docker containers or Lambda functions as well as many other Cloud-native AWS services 
You work close with our Application Development teams in modernizing our monolithic applications into a microservices architecture based on our new Cloud Architecture 
You will be part of a changing IT organization that is on the edge to modernize its whole way of working, technology- and process-wise 
Your strenghts
You have minimum 5 years of experience building, maintaining and operating Linux Servers in an Enterprise environment 
You worked minimum 3 years with Public and Private Cloud setups (AWS Trainings and certifications are of benefit) 
You have profund working experience with Terraform, Terragrunt, Github Repositories, as well as CI/CD pipelines in general (first experience with Github Actions or Quality Gates for Pull Requests is of benefit) 
You are not scared of ITIL-oriented environments and may have made some experience with ITIL-based processes, already 
You are a self-driven, goal-oriented personality that likes to move things forward and get them done 
You speak fluent English, but are also interested and willing to learn German, in case you cannot yet 
Your new workplace
Place to be: You are part of our IT Team at Allane SE and based in the greater Munich area.
Never stop growing: We value innovative spirit, creativity and commitment and provide you with excellent career and further training opportunities (e.g. Go Fluent, specialist trainings and our e-learning tool with over 5000 online courses).
Better together: Your colleagues are dynamic and motivated. There is no competitive pressure here but team spirit and a feel-good-atmosphere. We achieve that through an authentic "first name" culture, flat hierarchies and cross-dimensional diversity.
Lease your dream: Don't dream your car, lease your dream! Whether it's a Fiat 500 or a BMW X5: Take advantage of our attractive employee leasing offers and make your dream car a reality.
Get a bike: You would like to contribute to the environment and your fitness? Let us support you with your new business bike!
Moments that matter: You have completed an outstanding project or identified a significant optimization measure? Thank you! We would like to express our appreciation to our employees in various creative awards.
Don't worry, be happy: We also take care of your well-being - with attractive, performance-based compensation, 30 days' holiday, 50% mobile work per month, free drinks, team events, corporate benefits, contributions to public transport, capital-forming benefits and company pension. 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.