Jobs by email
ZEISS
Solution Architect (m/w/x)
Aalen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Your Role:
Develop solutions at the intersection of retail and medical technology that improve vision for millions of people
Create innovative software architectures for connected and cloud-based medical devices
Be responsible for the development and implementation of sustainable, flexible, and secure cloud solutions and the associated technology stack
Analyze complex customer requirements and derive creative solution approaches
Combine conception and implementation. Besides creating architectures, also participate in implementation
Be a technical lead for the development teams
Think outside the box and work on tasks outside your area of specialization
Continue to develop yourself, pick up new technologies and acquire certifications
Ihr Profil
Your Profile:
Master's degree in computer science or comparable qualification
Several years of practical experience as a senior developer or architect with successfully implemented projects in the cloud area
Excellent analytical and conceptual understanding as well as a structured, independent, solution-oriented way of thinking and working
Experience in the use of API technologies (e.g.: REST, SOAP, gRPC)
Design of cloud-native applications based on state-of-the-art foundation and technologies such as .NET, C#, Docker, Kubernetes, Azure Cloud
Very good knowledge of a higher-level programming language (e.g. C#) and common development environments
A good overview of current IT trends (e.g., microservices, DevOps, IoT, cloud configurations)
Basic understanding of cyber security
Team-oriented personality with strong communication/presentation skills and the ability to bring complex topics to the point
Fluent in English, German language skills are an advantage
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Daniela Kraus
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73431 Aalen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.