Jobs by email
Uniper
IT Project Portfolio Analyst (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
For our Portfolio Office Team in Business Change in Düsseldorf we are looking for you!
Create robust portfolio reporting's to steer IT Portfolio budget to target and maximize value
Develop insightful quantitative and qualitative analysis into the project portfolio that help the leadership team in decision-taking
Design visually convincing PowerBI dashboards and management slides for different stakeholders on all levels of the IT project organization
Ensure financial transparency together with Controlling departments
Digitalize and automate all aspects of the investment funnel process and workflow
Contribute to the transformation towards agile portfolio management
Improve budget, benefits, risk & dependency management governance and processes
Support business case reviews
Your profile
Adequate qualification in Management or IT with minimum of 3 years working experience in Portfolio/ Consulting and/or IT Project/Program Management including experience with tools like: ServiceNow SPM, Planview, Clarity
Experience with classical waterfall and agile project/portfolio methodology, e.g. PMI, SAFe, Scrum, DevOps, etc.
Experience with reporting and data analysis with help of tools such as PowerBI/Tableau and application of statistical models such as Monte Carlo simulation
Experience with process documentation (e.g. Symbio) and process improvement (e.g. Six Sigma)
Strong commercial drive, analytical precision, investor mindset, affinity for data & numbers
Strong collaboration skills; excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to present data-driven results appropriately for senior management
Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office365, especially in MS Excel (pivot tables), and MS PowerPoint
Fundamental knowledge of IT architecture and IT delivery concepts
Fluent in English and at least intermediate German knowledge (B1)
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work.
We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40219 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.