Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior/Expert) System Architect - Safety (all genders)-In Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V682
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
 Your Mission
MBition GmbH is developing and integrating the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems. As a safety architect you will be a part of the product safety team which enables development and release of all safety-critical functions allocated to the infotainment system for Mercedes-Benz vehicles. This job gives you freedom to integrate your ideas into the product. You will join a motivated team of focused engineers trying to provide the safety infrastructure for the whole MBition and its partners. This provides you with the great chance to connect throughout the company. In this context, you will collaborate on daily bases with different Mercedes-Benz AG entities and suppliers, bringing the next generation infotainment system to the market
Sneak preview of your future tasks
You will lead the definition of the SW safety concept and safety architecture for innovative infotainment system
You guide multiple teams to define, create and nurture a platform to host safety relevant applications - based on Classic and Adaptive AUTOSAR stacks, Safe QNX and Linux 
You analyse and create software/system architectures and concepts that are up to date and are within modern safety standards guidelines
You support and execute safety analyses on the system- and SW- architecture level
You manage the communication between development teams, resolve blockades and dependencies, and drive the vision into the right direction
You take over the requirements analysis/monitoring and coordinate with the customer, as well as internal departments and suppliers
You are actively involved in the release process (align on system level and support software development teams)
You own and maintain architectural documentation
You establish and maintain traceability between requirements and software architecture elements
You review and approve safety design on sub-system and components level
Plan and help execute measures to reduce technical debt and complexity, including deprecation and removal of legacy technologies
Qualifikationen
Education
Degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, electrical engineering or a comparable field
Experience
You are highly experienced as a Software Architect and have several years of relevant professional experience
You have profound knowledge in functional safety according to ISO 26262 or comparable standards
You are experienced with Classic and/or Adaptive AUTOSAR and/or Safe QNX and/or embedded Linux
You have a good intuition for Software best practices in modern C++ development, API design, and System architecture
You are familiar with Automotive SPICE
You are experienced in UML and in using modelling tools (e.g. Enterprise Architect, IBM Rhapsody, etc.)
You have long and solid coding experience in embedded C along with very good debugging skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English, German is a plus
Nice to have 
Experience with Infotainment or ADAS-related safety use-cases (Instrument Cluster, Cameras, Driver Monitoring System, Safe Audio Alarm, Safe Touch, etc.)
Familiarity with safety of the intended functionality (ISO 21448) and Safety of AI/ML is a great plus
Experience with requirements management tools such as DOORS Classic / Next Generation
Experience working in large Agile projects
Personal skills
You think in a structured and innovative way, enjoy working in a team and have a great interest in state of the art Software Concepts and Architecture
You have strong technical leadership skills
You work autonomous and have a self-reliant way of working
You are proficient in problem solving, troubleshooting technical issues and supplier management
You have excellent communication skills
Ability to deal with conflicts and handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
You have a high level of flexibility
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.   
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.