Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Backend Engineer - AEM (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
Munich or Jena based permanent job with 40-60% hybrid work option
Great colleagues and a lead to support your professional development from day one.
Your role at ZEISS Digital Partners
You are part of an interdisciplinary team of designers, frontend and backend developers
You are responsible for digital solutions based on Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) – driving implementation of CMS modules based on the respective business needs of ZEISS’ business units
You collaborate closely with other developers, project/product managers, designers and external agencies to build an amazing user experience – both for B2B customers and B2C consumers
You design, build, test, and maintain AEM/Java applications for ZEISS’ global web presence
You are in charge for defining concepts and implement integrative solutions, asynchronous, synchronous rest services, batches, and message queues.
If you would like to know more about the role, kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sandro Phan (sandro.phan@zeiss.com).
Ihr Profil
Master's degree in computer science – or equivalent 
At least 3 years professional experience in J2EE as well as professional experience in AEM technologies / environments, preferably 6.5 as well as an AEM Developer Certificate
Expertise and skills in web technologies such as CSS/Sass and JavaScript/TypeScript 
You master quality, and you know what it means to ship high-quality code
You are a pragmatic, empathetic and collaborative team player – and always strive for amazing digital customer experiences
You share innovative ideas with confidence – going the “extra mile” where needed
Excellent communication skills – fluent in English – German is a plus.
  Additional nice-to-haves
Experience in static code analysis and continuous integration tools like SonarQube and Jenkins 
Experience in working with frontend frameworks such as React, Angular or Vue
Experience with MS Azure would be a plus
You have been actively supporting continuous enhancement of development processes (testing, building, deploying, automating).
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Aneesah Lodhi, Christian Szopinski, Joseph Taroni-Luxton, Sandro Phan, Steven Thompson
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.