Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
IT-Security Architect / IT-Security Expert
Magdeburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Service Solutions Magdeburg GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Magdeburg
Your tasks
development of security concepts and architectures
selection of appropriate technologies, components and products to fulfill security requirements
consulting and support of network and application managers in implementing relevant security requirements such as GDPR, TISAX, PCI or Bosch internal guidelines
steering and implementing IT security projects
implementation of security consulting in product development
realization / implementation of security systems or architectures
Your profile
specific degree in computer science, IT security or a comparable degree
proven work experience in developing, implementing and driving IT security projects in networks and applications, technical and organizational
profound knowledge in the IT Security business (ISO 27001, GDPR, TISAX, PCI-DSS, etc.)
practical experience and/or certification in the ITIL framework is required
CISSP, CIMS, CISA is a plus.
advanced German and English language skills
autonomous, analytical and structured working attitude combined with quality-consciousness
confident demeanor and convincing ability
high customer orientation, initiative and creativity
team and collaboration ability in an intercultural environment
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Schillerstraße 56-58, 10627 Magdeburg, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.