Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior UX Consultant - User Experience Strategy and organizational UX Audit (f/m/div.)
Ludwigsburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Ludwigsburg
Your tasks
You are a strategic UX consultant for the entire Bosch organization.
You support the design of Bosch's strategic activities in the area of User Experience.
You are responsible for developing and supporting the implementation of the Bosch User Experience Maturity Level Model (GB UX Checks, UX Quality Management, UX Process Integration, Organizational Development, UX KPIs).
You will be responsible for the setup, preparation and transfer of new UX methods, as well as UX trends for application in the organization.
You are responsible for the UX Maturity Model Audit and the execution of UX assessments for the individual departments.
You will provide UX strategy consulting and development of department-specific maturity goals.
You organize the setup of a UX quality management.
You define UX success KPIs.
You provide support for the transformation to a user-centric organization.
You provide support to business units in implementing the user-centered design process.
You lead continuous improvements to UX processes and methodologies.
You lead your experience in knowledge in the following key topics (e.g. design for sustainability, UX & AI, digital touchpoints/ecosystems).
You provide support to the UX Owners in the business units in the implementation of the UX strategy (consulting the organization, UX relevance, trainings, project screening, sparring with perspective from other GB and HQ, sparring with professional background user research and design).
You contribute to improving the user experience of products across the BOSCH Group and lead UX strategy, organization and process management projects.
You will be responsible for the design, development and execution of consulting projects with a focus on change management in the area of User-Centered Design.
You are the interface to all internal customers who can benefit from the user-centered design approach.
Your profile
Education: Successfully completed diploma or master´s degree in an UX profession, e. g. any kind of design, psychology or comparable qualification
Personality: Communicative, self-confident and reliable
Working Practice: Initiative highly motivated and customer orientated, well-organized with outstanding analytical and conceptual skills
Experience and Knowledge: If possible, experience and knowledge in the following key topics: Experience / Usability / HMI / User Centered Design, ideally at a design consultancy or international corporation, excellent business knowledge paired with outstanding analytical, conceptual, and design thinking skills
Qualifications: High level of proficiency in prototyping and visualizing ideas/concepts both on paper and digitally (Adobe Creative Cloud and other current tools), distinctive communication and presentation skills, top-level technical understanding in domains relevant to BOSCH. Initial experience in the strategic development of an UX organization and in the implementation of audits is an advantage
Enthusiasm: Enthusiasm for understanding user needs and translating them into breakthrough ideas. Ability to solve problems in a pro-active and creative manner and work under time constraints on several tasks and projects simultaneously
Languages: Fluent in German and English, both written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Wilhelm-Fein-Straße 6, 71636 Ludwigsburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.