Jobs by email
ZEISS
Project Manager - Data-Driven Innovation (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of the company’s data culture and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS
In this function, you will support the Data & Analytics team at ZEISS Digital Partners in its data-driven innovation projects with our strategic business units
You will be responsible for driving forward your own projects and lead an interdisciplinary project team with data scientists, data engineers and developers in an agile setup
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree in business informatics, business administration, computer science, engineering, mathematics, or in a related field
At least 3 years relevant professional experience, experience in a consultant role is a plus
The ability to structure and develop your own frameworks and communicate them in a structured and easy-to-grasp way
A natural interest in state-of-the-art technological developments and a good understanding of technical feasibility of data-driven products and services
A proven track record of agile project experience and agile project management success stories
Been part of a data project end-to-end, from data cleaning to data integration, modelling, and productizing
A basic understanding of cloud technologies and how they interact
Data mindset with an eye for excellent data visualization and data storytelling
Outstanding communication skills written and orally as well as the ability to handle multiple tasks and interact with various stakeholders on all seniority levels
Excellent English & German skills
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Annett Burger
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.