Jobs by email
Misumi Europa GmbH
Cloud Service Engineering (m/f/d)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
About us
MISUMI Europa is not like any other company
Our journey starts with Konichiwa - Because with us Japan meets Europe  
We say Konichiwa, because with us Japan meets Europe! We MISUMI, a Japanese group, rely on capable, culturally open and motivated employees in Frankfurt. With more than 20 million products worldwide and 80 trillion configuration possibilities, we are setting new standards in automation technology as well as for stamping dies and injection molding applications. What this means? We are looking for an additional team member to improve our business processes.
Your new challenges
Planning, conceptualizing and implementation of Microsoft ADS and Microsoft 365 based systems
Provider management for IT infrastructure operations & maintenance, new concepts, workshops
Monitoring, review, and continuous improvement of all services including cost optimization
Coordination of IT infrastructure topics with our Japanese Headquarter
IT service management (ITIL)
Consulting regarding best practice approaches for IT security, remote access
You should bring
Vocational training: IT specialist / Fachinformatiker Systemintegration (m/w/d) or comparable working experience
Minimum of 3 years’ experience with Microsoft ADS and Microsoft 365 based solutions
Experience in Microsoft ADS and Microsoft 365 administration
Experience in ITIL (nice to have certification )
English proficiency, knowledge of German is an advantage
Broad skillset of IT infrastructure management basics (servers, networking, security)
Administration of AWS based cloud solutions 
Experience in implementation of system & application monitoring
 Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified.
Why us?
We offer an exciting and international working environment combined with a performance-based compensation and opportunities for career advancement within the organization. We look forward to receiving your resume including your desired salary and availability.
Modern, secure, international working environment with flexible working hours and mobile working
E-Learning plattform and intercultural training
Job bike
Company pension scheme and healthcare
Inhouse gym, day-care centre and restaurant at St. Martin Tower
Events
Your contact person
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Misumi Europa GmbH
Franklinstraße, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.