Jobs by email
Shopify
Senior Backend Developer
Deutschlandweit, Home-Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About Shopify
Opportunity is not evenly distributed. Shopify puts independence within reach for anyone with a dream to start a business. Since 2006, we’ve grown to over 10,000 employees and generated over $496 billion in sales for 2 million merchants in 175 countries. Every 28 seconds, an entrepreneur on Shopify makes their first sale.
This is life-defining work that directly impacts people’s lives as much as it transforms your own. This is putting the power of the few in the hands of the many, is a future with more voices rather than fewer, and is creating more choices instead of an elite option.
At Shopify, we understand that experience comes in many forms. We’re dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team - so if your experience is this close to what we’re looking for, please consider applying.
About the role
Shopify is on a fast-moving mission to make the best products for merchants, buyers, and partners around the globe — and developers play a vital role in building that future. Here are just some of the stories from the engineering teams who build and scale Shopify.
What types of Senior Software Engineers might be interested in joining?
Back End Development
Back End Engineers with a passion for solving tough problems with performant code work on teams that ship on quality instead of on time. Our teams deploy new code many times a day, and our production scale is massive. We’re talking about millions of online stores, and hundreds of millions of requests a day. Thousands of entrepreneurs will see your work within seconds – a difficult but incredibly rewarding responsibility. Shopify is the largest Ruby on Rails application in the world and we're a big part of the Rails community. We’re constantly improving our codebase to make it even better.
What you’ll do as a Senior Software Engineer at Shopify:
Collaborating with other designers and engineers
Creating beautiful and fast code that improves our code base in meaningful ways
Using test-driven development to write well-tested code
Fixing bugs fast and taking your time to solve hard problems well
Building and maintaining Shopify’s critical infrastructure through software and systems engineering
Contributing back to the open source community
Qualifications
Experience and skills that are important for success in this role:
Experience using technologies and frameworks like (but not limited to) some of our most-used languages — Ruby on Rails, GraphQL, Java/JEE, Node.js, PHP, Python, React or React Native, Golang, Kubernetes — is an asset, but not required. Don’t have experience with many of them? No problem — deep experience with any object-oriented language and willingness to learn our tech stack goes a long way.
Curiosity and passion to constantly learn new things; Shopify changes fast, and we need the people who work here to be able to change and learn fast too
Experience with relational databases and SQL
Bonus Points: You’ve mentored teammates on new ways to deepen their technical craft
About you
Moving at our pace brings a lot of change, complexity, and ambiguity—and a little bit of chaos. Shopifolk thrive on that and are comfortable being uncomfortable. That means Shopify is not the right place for everyone.
Before you apply, consider if you can:
Care deeply about what you do and about making commerce better for everyone
Excel by seeking professional and personal hypergrowth
Keep up with an unrelenting pace (the week, not the quarter)
Be resilient and resourceful in face of ambiguity and thrive on (rather than endure) change
Bring critical thought and opinion
Embrace differences and disagreement to get shit done and move forward
Work digital-first for your daily work
We know that looking for a new role can be both exciting and time-consuming, and we truly appreciate your effort.
Our belief is that a strong commitment to diversity & inclusion enables us to truly make commerce better for everyone. We encourage applications from Indigenous peoples, racialized people, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities, and/or people with intersectional identities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €