Jobs by email
Angelini Pharma Deutschland GmbH
Business Applications Manager / CRM Manager (m/w/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Einleitung
Join our business excellence team in Munich, Germany!
Would you like to help shape the future of a successful pharmaceutical company?
Then you have come to the right place.
We are a modern company with approx. 90 employees based in Munich. We are innovative, family-oriented, committed and have the culture of a start-up.
  We are looking for you to join our dynamic Business Excellence Team (BEX) with immediate effect. 
Ihre Aufgaben
Your tasks will mainly cover 3 areas:
1. Implementation, management and optimization of CRM, BI and related systems
Implementation of a MS Dynamics based CRM as well as a BI system (Power BI)
Co-design of the setup for the different business units of the German market
Driving the digital transformation and automation of activities
Continuous development of the entire CRM & analytics ecosystem with adjacent platforms (e.g. ERP, Master Data Management) and automation processes
Coordinate and execute user acceptance tests (UATs) based on business/user requirements
Document test results and develop action plans with IT to address unmet requirements
Import and export data and manage user & customer information, territory structure data and contact target frequencies
Interface with other functions and within BEX in operational support (e.g. sales and marketing) and proactive advisory roles (e.g. digitalization, customer engagement, sales force effectiveness)
Interaction with external vendors and international CRM and IT colleagues
Continuous education regarding trends and skills in ERP, CRM and BI systems
2. Trainings & support
Develop and update training plans, documentation and processes
Conduct training for sales and marketing users
Continuous support (introduction, refresher, new hires)
Acceptance as well as correction of occurring malfunctions on the supported systems and clients
Release management including checking and testing of implemented processes
Optimization of usage rates and documentation quality
3. Analytics
Using data to better understand customers by creating reports, dashboards and ad hoc analyses
Monitoring usage rates and documentation quality
Automation of reporting
Developing advanced analytics approaches on a national level and in cooperation with global teams 
  Ihr Profil
Must have Business fluent in German and English skills required
Bachelor's degree or relevant work experience
2-3 years of practical experience in supporting a CRM solution
Preferably as an administrator of Microsoft Dynamics
Experience in the pharmaceutical industry desirable but not necessary
Experience in conducting internal trainings is an advantage
Good knowledge of Excel, databases and ideally Power BI
Excellent communication and facilitation skills
Strong presentation and analysis skills
Fun in building up and helping to shape a fast-growing start-up company
High level of motivation & will to succeed
Fun in continuous learning & curiosity to break new ground 
  Wir bieten
   A very attractive compensation package incl. company pension plan 
Unlimited employment contract
30 days annual leave
Exciting and numerous opportunities for further training
Home office policy
Top Employer Germany & Europe 2022
Diversity Charter – Wir sind bunt. – 2021 & 2022
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Angelini Pharma Deutschland GmbH
Elsenheimerstraße 45, 80687 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -