Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Cellular SoC Frontend-STA Engineer
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new insights have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our dedication to leave the world better than we found it.
Become a key part of the Cellular SoC Integration team in Munich or Linz. As Frontend STA engineer you are the focal point for constraints development as well as design- and timing-analysis. Together with RTL designers, Physical designers, and other integration teams, we will all work on very exciting designs and sophisticated technologies nodes.
Description
You will be responsible for constraints and timing checkups development, including their delivery for synthesis, PnR, and signoff STA. Working in parallel on blocks and chip-level STA modes:
In this role you will be the link between digital design, mixed-signal design (.lib definition), and physical design, your responsibility is to achieve sign-off quality timing constraints based on customer requirements.
Further, you will closely collaborate with digital designers to understand the design intent and its clock structure in order to optimize power, performance, and area. With CAD and PD teams you will continuously improve development flows.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Hands-on experience on multiple projects with constraint-development, -analysis, and -debugging.
Experience with multi-mode timing closure for e.g. mission-mode, scan-shift, scan-capture, at-speed, or BIST.
Experience with industry-standard tools for STA, e.g. PrimeTime or Tempus.
Deep understanding of the timing aspects of the different synchronization schemes, clock, and reset structures.
Knowledge of ASIC design timing closure flows and methodology as well as a good understanding of noise, cross-talk, and OCV effects, among others.
Proven understanding of hierarchical design approaches, from top-down to timing budgeting as well as timing and physical convergence.
Proficient in day-to-day usage of scripting languages (TCL, Perl, shell), Linux, and revision control systems (e.g. Perforce).
Proven understanding of Verilog and the ability to analyze RTL/Netlist designs.
Very good interpersonal skills and the ability to find effective technical solutions between RTL-Design and Physical-Design teams.
Experience with SoC practices such as multiple voltages and clock domains, integration of mixed-signal IPs, and power optimizations would be a huge plus.
Experience with synthesis, logic equivalence, or ECO techniques would be helpful
Basic knowledge of DFT methods, i.e. scan, BIST, etc
Education and Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science/ Software Engineering or equivalent
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €