Jobs by email
Schneider Electric GmbH
Internship / Thesis - Software (f/m/d)
Marktheidenfeld
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Don't want to just look over the manager's shoulder? Then you are exactly right with us. Boredom is out of the question - get an intensive insight into our company and find out what suits you the most! Are you interested? 
From right now, we are offering you an internship in Software R&D Team (f/m/d) at our location in 97828 Marktheidenfeld. With our hybrid model, you will not only have the opportunity to get to know your colleagues on site, but also to work remotely from home.
Start your professional life at Schneider Electric with a lot of personal responsibility, exciting work content and numerous development opportunities and apply now!
Life Is On – what about you?
Your Benefits:  
You can gain working experience in a global company.
You get varied tasks and responsibility right from the start.
At Schneider Electric you will immediately become part of the team.
We offer you an attractive compensation with many extras.
We allow you flexible working hours.
With us you have the opportunity to work remotely from home.
We offer you many development opportunities: whether it's a thesis, job entrant after your graduation or a trainee position - decide for yourself what suits you.
We give you space for freedom and creativity.
Doing well as part of Schneider Electric - the most sustainable company in the world.
Your Tasks:  
During the work, you will get to know up-to-date continuous integration systems, methods of software development and modern programming approaches.
By working together with colleagues from different divisions and international locations, you can share your knowledge, help develop joint solutions and build contacts.
In different stages, you will evaluate different approaches and implement the most promising solutions in the team of engineers and technicians, thereby making an important contribution.
You will work with larger software teams and learn from such professional environment.
Get to know us:  
Your profile:
You are studying computer science, business informatics or electrical engineering / automation technology and enjoy familiarizing yourself with new technologies and programming.
Ideally, you have already had first contact with Linux script development, such as bash scripts, or know Python or Ruby.
You have already programmed a simple application for Windows, e.g., with C#.
You are not afraid to think outside the box and question the status quo.
Internationality distinguishes us - you have a very good command of English; German is nice to have.
Your next step – applying! 
We are looking forward to receiving your application via our online job bourse. Please upload your CV, better with cover letter, certificates or other documents.
Contact person for this position is Xiaotong Xu. If you have any question about the application process, please feel free to contact her.
Applying Now! 
You can find out more about your future colleagues in our blog at: http://blog.schneider-electric.de, everything about Schneider Electric as an employer can be found here: https://www.se.com/de/de/about-us/careers/overview.jsp 
Why us?
Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation. Our technologies enable the world to use energy in a safe, efficient and sustainable manner. We strive to promote a global economy that is both ecologically viable and highly productive.
€25.7bn global revenue
137 000+ employees in 100+ countries
45% of revenue from IoT
5% of revenue devoted for R&D
You must submit an online application to be considered for any position with us. This position will be posted until filled
It is the policy of Schneider Electric to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transferring, and promoting all qualified individuals regardless of race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristic or conduct. Concerning agencies: Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be responsible for fees related to such.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Schneider Electric GmbH
Marktheidenfeld, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.