Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior) Project Manager for MBition System Integration Department (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V690
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission (Required)
You will work within the MBition System Integration Department. You will join a team of tech and automotive enthuiastic colleagues who are responsible to integrate and deliver the Infotainment Software System with highest quality standards and functionality, in time.
As a (Senior) Project Manager, you will define, improve and lead the integration & delivery processes of application software using agile and classical management techniques. You will be the intermediary defining interfaces between the development teams, the release management and the customer in the software supply chain. We are looking for a colleague with a relentless can-do attitude who is excited to solve challenging problems by collaborating with many cross-functional teams. We ask for your creativity to tackle problems, and offer you the freedom to develop yourself.
Qualifikationen
Your Profile (Required)
Education:
Master’s degree or comparable in computer science, information technology, automotive engineering, electrical engineering, or in a similar field
Experience: 
3+ years experience driving automotive software projects
systems / software engineering or testing background
presenting projects and work products in audits & assessments 
interfacing with development teams, customers and production
Hands on experience with Jira and Confluence
Skills and abilities:
Understanding of challenges and constraints in the automotive industry
High degree of expertise and technical understanding for hardware and software architecture, preferably for automotive infotainment systems
Ask for help and learn to navigate the organization
Communicate clearly in written and verbal form
Take decisions in a working group based on the purpose of hand, without wasting engineering time
Nice to have:
Experience and/or certificate in SCRUM and/or SAFe
Certification in the classic project management area (e.g. PMI, IPMA)
International experiences
Software development skills (e.g. C++, Python, Java) and modern software development practices 
Personal skills
Excellent analytical skills and an independent, structured, and target-oriented approach to work
Leader attitude
Personal initiative, commitment, and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
High degree of flexibility
Language skills
Proficient English, German is a plus!
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? (Required)
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
 You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.