Jobs by email
ZEISS
Consultant - Digital Business Innovation (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
About us
At Zeiss Digital Partners (ZDP), we have a clear goal: Enabling and accelerating the digital transformation of ZEISS @speed and @scale. We develop digital solutions jointly with the ZEISS business units and accelerating innovation that delivers a future value for our customers and our company.
Digital Business Innovation within ZDP is a cross-functional team building digital solutions and business models as well as driving strategic digital programs. We apply customer-centric methodologies like Design Thinking and Voice of the Customer and combine those with our business and strategy acumen.
Join us as Consultant to shape and contribute towards the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS.
Your role
Identify value propositions and key functionalities of scalable digital solutions in early-stage ideation phases, assess market trends and create underlying (ecosystem) business models
Facilitate and drive implementation by leading selected modules of cross-functional projects in an agile, iterative and impact-oriented manner
Design and implement the requisite processes and structures that ensure long-term success of the solutions
Contribute to strategic cross-ZEISS digital transformation projects that bolster the future success of our digital ecosystem
Collaborate with the ZEISS business units as well as our Design, Data Analytics and Cloud Engineering colleagues at ZEISS Digital Partners
Ihr Profil
University degree from a tier 1 college, preferably in natural sciences, engineering, informatics or business
Early professional experience (1-2 years), with a top management consulting firm, or within innovation/digital transformation in B2B industry
Sound understanding of the digital economy and data-enabled business models paired with a passion for ZEISS’ products and markets
Strong communication skills and the empathy to easily communicate with people from diverse backgrounds
Fluent German and English language skills
Why ZEISS?
We experience the best of both worlds: Agile and fast working mode in a corporate environment
We have modern office spaces creating an open and collaborative environment
We are an open-minded team with a strong team spirit
We live a flat hierarchy and empower individuals
We make an impact within and beyond ZEISS
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.