Jobs by email
KWS Group
Breeding Information Specialist (m/f/d)
Berlin, Einbeck
Permanent contract
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
KWS is one of the world’s leading plant breeding companies. Over 5,000 employees in more than 70 countries generated net sales of around €1.5 billion in the fiscal year 2021/2022. A company with a tradition of family ownership, KWS has operated independently for 165 years. It focuses on plant breeding and the production and sale of seed for corn, sugarbeet, cereals, vegetables, oilseed rape and sunflower. KWS uses leading-edge plant breeding methods to continuously improve yield for farmers and plants’ resistance to diseases, pests and abiotic stress. To that end, the company invested more than €285 million last fiscal year in research and development.
Your tasks
For KWS Saat SE & Co. KGaA, we are looking for a Breeding Information Specialist (m/f/d) to start as soon as possible. As member of the Breeding Information Team, you will contribute with documentation management, data curation, user support and training and software implementations across crops. This is a temporary position limited to 14 months and on a part time basis (20 hours/weekly). The workplace can be at our headquarters in Einbeck (low Saxony) or alternatively in Berlin.
Your new challenges:
Draft technical documentation (process maps, QM handbooks, master data, data dictionaries, etc.)
Prepare documentation like user manuals, presentation, and videos, to facilitate the learning of software tools in breeding.
Curate historical data sets and do the data transformation to fit them in the new software tools
Assist with the organization of software implementation across crops in the breeding stations
Participate in the 1st level support of software tools for breeding
Administrate document libraries in collaborative repositories (Sharepoint, Teams, One Drive, etc)
Support with coordination of special activities in the team (meetings, events, calendars, onboarding, etc)
Identify opportunities to standardize/digitalize/automate documentation management and knowledge management
Your profile
Contribute your strengths:
Degree in Life Sciences, Business Administration or Computer Sciences (B.Sc/Master degree or comparable experience)
Experience in documentation management and/or information management
Experience with process mapping in professional tools (Visio, Signavio, etc)
Knowledge of tools to prepare e-learning (e.g. WalkMe, Camtasia, Stream, etc)
Knowledge of plant breeding processes is highly desirable
Experience collaborating with cross-functional and international teams
Excellent communication skills in English (written and oral), German or other languages are a plus
Excellent team player who is keen to implement digital tools
Service oriented, structured, and organized
What we offer
Working in an international, highly motivated and dynamic team with flat hierarchies.
Flexible working hours with the possibility of mobile working (hybrid).
According to our slogan: "Make Yourself Grow!" we promote individual professional and personal development.
We create the right framework conditions for you: a company pension scheme, capital-forming benefits, Christmas and holiday bonuses, special prices for company shares, childcare allowance and a job bike.
As a family-run company, we live by the values of team spirit, closeness and trust, independence and vision - a culture that is also lived in practice, e.g. through an open and friendly work atmosphere.
Ready to grow your perspectives, impact, and career? Start by applying to this opportunity today! We look forward to receiving your digital application (cover letter, CV, relevant certificates) via our job portal SuccessFactors! Please click the “Apply” button which you can find in the online ad.
Salary: 27000 – 34000 EUR / YEAR
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.