Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Platform Specialist (CE&E Team)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Do you have solid experience in Account Management, ideally within the mobile performance marketing industry?
Are you a fluent Russian speaker, with fluency in English?
Do you have an authoritative grasp of the mobile market and a keen passion for keeping ahead of the ever-changing digital space?
If so, we would love to hear from you as we continue to build our Berlin based Search Ads CEE Platform Specialist teams!
Our Advertising Platforms are a set of technologies that enable thriving ecosystems for Apple’s content partners: we help publishers and developers to earn money for the work that they produce, and we help consumers to discover amazing content that iOS developers are creating for their iPhone and iPad.
Apple Search Ads in the App Store, an easy, efficient and incredibly fast-growing platform for app discovery.
With over 65% of all app downloads resulting directly from a search on the App Store, Search Ads is quickly becoming the platform of choice for app promotion for iOS developers!
The Platform Specialist team, focuses on leading, growing and developing our key accounts both existing and new, providing a best in class service for our customers in the CEE market.
Tasks
As a Platform Specialist in the Berlin team, you’ll
You will be responsible for leading, growing and developing our key accounts both existing and new, providing a best in class service for our customers in the CEE market.
You will be responsible for dedicatedly growing a book of business, through making recommendations to clients on how they best optimise their campaigns to hit their business goals whilst also crafting a long-term partnership.
Build long term trusted relationships with key search ads clients, agencies and developers.
Act as the Search Ads representative for these critical accounts so it is key that you demonstrate, enthusiasm and passion for their business whilst maintaining the highest levels of professionalism.
You will be required to work closely with the client partners who act as our frontline sales team.
Helping to drive the right team culture that ensures the business hits its revenue targets, CSI targets and other specific metrics.
Leading by example and ensuring we are providing the premier service for all customers. You will also help to craft the identity and values of the platform specialist team.
Report your business through the correct channels, utilising salesforce and other internal business management tools.
You will ensure we are working closely with the customer success, marketing and product team to feedback market sentiment on products.
Key Qualifications
You will have a solid background in Account Management, ideally within the mobile performance marketing industry.
An authoritative grasp of the mobile market and a keen passion for keeping ahead of the ever-changing digital space.
Experience working with multi market advertisers within international teams.
Extraordinary collaboration, prioritisation and planning skills
Significant prior experience using Excel and, being numerically and analytically strong, are critical for this role.
Meticulous attention to detail and the ability to react fast to ensure we deliver our clients the best in market service
Experience of enabling business development teams.
Excellent communications skills with the ability to listen effectively, socialize ideas across functions and articulate the business visions both internally and externally.
You are a standout colleague with the ability to work in a fast paced environment and adapt to new business opportunities.
Extremely professional and positive attitude.
Track record of success and over achievement.
Fluency in Russian is required for this role as is English.
Why Apple?
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €