Jobs by email
ZEISS
Operations Process Architect (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
The focus of your work will be on managing application and service operations according to the ITIL as well as coordinating and supporting our ZEISS Global Cloud Operations Center (GCOC) in India, which is doing the day-to-day operation for this Health Data Platform.
You will manage in alignment and together with the Head of HDP Operations the change management process for rolling out new software towards our HDP, you will manage the release process for the HDP and you will perform controlling and reporting tasks in order to check the fulfillment of our Service Level Agreements. Running the necessary activities to perform our Continuous Improvement process will also be part of your daily work. Together with the GCOC you will constantly check and refine the set of our Operational Requirements, which has to be implemented by the applications and services of our HDP in order to ensure an efficient and effective operations.
For that you will work closely together with the Head of HDP Operations, with the colleagues from the product teams and with the team members of our Cloud Operations team. You will use our knowledge and experience to ensure smooth IT-Service processes for operating the applications and basis services of our Health Data Platform (HDP).
Your Role
Define and measure KPIs, which are necessary to check the Service Level for the HDP applications and services
Run and optimize the Change Management- and Release management process
Constantly review and improve the IT-Service processes – especially the IT Operations processes - which are necessary to run our HDP Ecosystem
Define, refine and test of Operational Requirements
Define and improve our existing dashboards
Cost controlling for our Azure Environments
Ihr Profil
Several years of experience as a process manager or architect in an application environment
Extensive knowledge in the areas of service design, transition and operations
Good knowledge in requirements engineering to derive and define operational requirements
Good knowledge and overview of cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure, AZ-900 recommended)
Ideally, a completed ITIL certification (e.g. ITIL V3)
Good knowledge of project management tasks, roles and tools
Experience with dealing with regulative and data privacy requirements
Service-oriented thinking with a focus on optimization potential, quality and costs
Proficient in German and an active and confident command of English
A strong focus on customers and results
Excellent communication skills and a professional attitude
Ability to work in a team and assertiveness
Independent, autonomous and motivated approach to work
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Tayfun Özen
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.