Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
5G/4G Cellular L1 Multi-RAT Control Firmware Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Do you have a passion for invention and self-challenge? Do you grow by pushing the limits of what’s considered feasible? As part of a premier modem team, you’ll craft sophisticated innovative embedded firmware that delivers more performance in our products than ever before. You’ll work across fields to transform improved hardware elements into a single, coordinated design. Join us, and you’ll help us innovate new cellular technologies that continually outperform the previous iterations. By collaborating with other product development groups across Apple, you’ll push the industry boundaries of what wireless systems can do and improve the product experience for our customers across the world. Do you want to have an impact on every single Apple product? As a Cellular Layer 1 Firmware Engineer on this team, you will be at the center of the 5G/4G/multimode cellular firmware effort within a silicon design and firmware development group responsible for crafting and productizing state-of-the-art cellular SoCs. This position requires someone comfortable will all aspects of embedded software development, that thrives in a multifaceted multi-functional organization, is not afraid to debate ideas openly, and is flexible enough to shift on constantly evolving requirements.
We promote innovation and new technology. The people who work here have reinvented and defined entire industries with the Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Apple Watch, AirPods, HomePod and a multitude of groundbreaking Accessories. We have done the same with services, including iTunes, the App Store, Apple Music, and Apple Pay. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices — strengthening our dedication to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next amazing Apple product!
Description
Specify, design, and implement a multi-mode L1 firmware architecture of a powerful mobile wireless communications system.
Develop and implement cellular modem control code and advanced features in areas such as mobility management, Inter-RAT, Inter-frequency ENDC, NRDC, Multi-SIM, Radio Resource Management, Multi-carrier PHY channel configuration, and scheduling, Radio Link Monitoring, Beam Management.
Implement key scheduling and control processing in tight timelines under low latency, memory and energy constraints.
Work with other Firmware and Protocol Stack engineers, Systems Engineers, and Product Architects to collaborate on design and requirements, interface definitions, and new features.
Assist in the development of pre-silicon emulation systems/virtual platforms and use them for pre-silicon FW design and HW verification.
Evaluate and implement groundbreaking tools for build, formal verification, and testing.
Define methodologies and best practices.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Understanding of 5G and 4G 3GPP standards, or similar Wireless standards and proficient knowledge of Physical Layer control procedures.
Hands-on experience with L1 Software/Firmware in 2G/3G/4G/5G is a plus.
Deep understanding of software engineering principles, and core computer science fundamentals.
Highly proficient with C and C++ programming, proven understanding of compilers, build and source code control tools
Significant experience with embedded real-time programming for low latency and memory-constrained applications.
Experience with Real-Time Operating Systems (RTOS) applications, multi-core, multi-threaded, and concurrent programming.
Experience with silicon prototyping, emulation systems, and virtual platforms.
Hands-on experience in debugging embedded software systems.
Familiarity with ETM, ETB, JTAG, and any other trace and debug tools.
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in Electrical/Computer Engineering or Computer Science, or related field.
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €