Jobs by email
HeidelbergCement AG
SAP Users & Authorisations Specialist (f/m/d)
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Heidelberg Materials – Material to build your future
Heidelberg Materials is one of the world's largest integrated manufacturers of building materials and solutions with leading market positions in cement, aggregates, and ready-mixed concrete. We are represented in over 50 countries with more than 51,000 employees at almost 3,000 sites.
At the centre of our actions lies the responsibility for the environment. As the forerunner on the path to carbon neutrality and circular economy in the building materials industry, we are working on sustainable building materials and solutions for the future. We enable new opportunities for our customers through digitalisation.
The position of the SAP Users & Authorisations Specialist (f/m/d) belongs to the Business Systems Engineering Team in the Digital Department. The position reports in solid line to the Team Manager of SAP User and Authorisations and is located in Heidelberg, Germany.
As the Specialist User and Authorisations in SAP, you are a sparring partner for key users and translate business requirements into workable solutions in SAP, keeping the security regulations as well as the SAP Authorization requirements in mind. You are passionate about SAP authorisation technologies and want to be part of an innovative and international team.
You contribute to the optimization of the SAP authorization concepts while working on incidents, changes, international projects and improvements of current processes. In addition to the management and administration of SAP users and authorisations you are responsible for safeguarding the authorisation concept and Security Guidelines within the company. The possibility to work remotely or to use the modern, inspirational workplace within the great team will be offered.
Your next challenge
You will perform the user administration activities for user IDs and roles in SAP and other application systems in scope
You will work closely with key members of the business process team to define relevant user roles and authorizations
You will determine the root cause of user administration problems and either resolve or involve other teams as needed
You will ensure that the access authorizations respect the Corporate Governance procedures
You will ensure the availability of the necessary documentation of user access requests and their approvals and corresponding processing of these requests
You will provide the administration and application of GRC (Governance /Risk/ Compliance) tools and firefighter access
You will ensure the maintenance, further development/improvement and quality assurance of SAP Core System of HeidelbergCement within the Users & Authorisations area
You will support the IT projects, providing the necessary user administration activities during all project phases. Ensure a smooth transition into operations
You will provide the necessary support for the Internal and External Audit
You will support the SAP license audit
Your profile
University degree in a business or technical field (or comparable qualification / experiences)
Minimum of four years professional business and technical experience within Users & Authorizations area of SAP R/3, S/4HANA and SAP Fiori with international background
Proven ability to work with all levels of management throughout the organization and develop business partnerships
Excellent interpersonal skills; able to work well as part of an international team
Structured and target-oriented proactive working style, assertiveness with clear focus on rapid implementation
Strong creative and analytical problem-solving skills
Good knowledge about SAP products administration and their integration with other software systems
FIORI
SAST-Suite knowledge would be an advantage
Good business process knowledge and understanding in the domain
Fluency in in English and German (both written and verbal) is essential
Our offer
Flexible working time models with up to 50% remote working within Germany
30 vacation days plus additional special vacation days
Attractive compensation with profit share/bonus, Christmas and vacation payment
Multiple learning & development options: support of job-related further training, E-campus, various technical and leadership development programs
JobTicket, JobBike and further special conditions and discounts for e.g. gyms
Company fitness room, various sports classes, health and prevention campaigns
Individual onboarding with buddy program as well as various networking initiatives (Network of Women, International Network etc.)
Modern headquarters next to the river Neckar with ergonomic workplaces and height-adjustable desks
Canteen with discounted and healthy meals
Bicycle and underground parking with charging stations - for e-bike and car
...and much more.
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HeidelbergCement AG
Heidelberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.