Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Fullstack Developer (f/m/div.)
Grasbrunn
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sicherheitssysteme GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Grasbrunn
Your tasks
You will work in a dynamic and agile team within an enterprise startup, focusing on software development of our core products.
You will collaborate with the Product Owners and our UX team and contribute to software development across the entire lifecycle; from ideation to delivery.
In doing so, you will transform step-by-step business dynamics in the real estate industry for a more sustainable and efficient future.
Within an interdisciplinary and intercultural team, you will develop new solutions of IoT cloud services for sustainable real estate operations and manage their lifecycle.
With your broad knowledge in modern programming languages and MS Azure (IoT), you will make a valuable contribution to the development of innovative IoT solutions, by applying Azure DevOps principles (e.g. Infrastructure as Code with Azure ARM, Bicep or Terraform to build infrastructures).
You will also actively participate in internal project teams and work closely with other software teams in the company.
To solve problems in the institutional real estate industry by building software solutions, you will work with colleagues to incrementally redevelop processes and approaches in a B2B business context for a more sustainable and efficient future.
Your profile
Education: completed studies in computer science, information technology, business informatics or a comparable qualification.
Personality: strong communication skills, solution-oriented mindset as well as a diligent approach.
Experience and Knowledge: professional experience in the development of IoT solutions based on Microsoft Azure and Azure IoT. Initial hands-on experience with IoT device/gateway technology stack. Experience in writing, creating, testing, documenting and releasing code in modern development languages such as C#, Java, Django, Python, etc. Good working knowledge of setting up automation and CI/CD processes (esp. Azure DevOps, Jenkins, GitHub/Lab, Docker, Kubernetes). Front-end frameworks such as Angular are desirable. First hands-on experience in developing IoT solutions covering parts of the product chain of IoT devices/gateways, backend or frontend.
Qualifications: initial experience in MS Azure and Azure IoT, certification is a plus. Hands-on experience in at least one of the following programming languages (C#, Java, Django, Python). Knowledge of modern deployment methods. Understanding of object-oriented programming.
Enthusiasm: for designing complex IoT solutions for the connected building ecosystem in a start-up environment.
Languages: business fluent in written and spoken German and English.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Ring 5, 85630 Grasbrunn, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.