Jobs by email
freiheit.com technologies
Software Engineers with Machine Learning Background (m/f/d) - Hackers wanted
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Software Engineers with Machine Learning Background (m/f/d) - Hackers wanted
ABOUT OUR COMPANY
freiheit.com’s software engineers have been building large-scale software systems since 1999. We are internet pioneers and we have delivered hundreds of projects for our customers that are used by millions of users with thousands of requests per second since then.
In the last two decades we have been constantly reinventing and improving ourselves. Self-Improvement and learning are deeply ingrained into our company's DNA and in the personality of all of our team members. We tackle new and interesting problems all the time and very often create things that nobody has built before.
At heart we are an unusual, innovative and bold engineering company. 85% of our people are engineers with backgrounds in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics, many also with strong machine learning backgrounds.
We hire the top ranking students directly from university or from their first work experience and actively develop them to become well-rounded software engineers.
From our Engineering Hubs in Hamburg and Lisbon we work for large and mid-sized companies to reinvent their future with technology.
ABOUT YOUR JOB
You start in one of our engineering teams. Team size is maximum five people.
You will receive a lot of introductory training in the first weeks about the technologies you are going to use in your project. The trainings are conducted by software engineers from our own company.
You are involved in every part of the software engineering process and in the lifecycle of the services that your team is building - design, development, testing, deployment, maintenance, operations and improving software based on user feedback and usage data.
You work closely with our customers to iteratively improve their product offering by conceiving, refining and delivering new ideas.
ABOUT YOU
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fields like Mathematics or Physics
Experience in C/C++, Python or Java
Ability to learn fast
Bonus skills or interests:
Master or PhD in Computer Science or related fields like Mathematics or Physics
Algorithms and data structures, understanding time & space complexity
Experience in Go, Kotlin, TypeScript or JavaScript
Experience in front end development, like ReactJS, Angular, Vue or Flutter/Dart
Functional programming with Common Lisp, Clojure or Haskell
Experience working with distributed systems in the Cloud
Experience in Machine Learning and Data Science
Competitive Programming
ABOUT OUR COMMUNITY
In our Engineering Hubs in Hamburg and Lisbon you will meet people from all over the world, different cultures, colors, languages, genders and lifestyles. We celebrate diversity and openness.
When you ask anybody why they are working here, it is pretty likely that people will say “because of the people” and “because I have never learnt so much in my life”. Our company is a place to be yourself, aim high, taking care of each other and growing without limits.
Of course we have a beautiful office in a very nice area of each city, a place to hang-out and play pool and have fun with your team members. But more important is that we offer you the ability to work on interesting things and owning a complete large-scale project from idea to implementation and operations. You have the opportunity to learn from senior engineers, work in a well-organized and well-managed company and start a fulfilling career in tech.
P.S.: Although we visit our customers regularly, all team members are working mainly from Hamburg or Lisbon and not on the customers’ premises.
DO YOU WANT TO BE PART OF OUR TEAM?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
freiheit.com technologies
Budapester Straße 45, 20359 Hamburg, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Coaching
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.