Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes 3DExcite GmbH
Software Engineer (m/f/d) - Cloud Services
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Your role:
Become part of 3DEXCITE, the Dassault Systèmes Marketing and Sales brand. We provide comprehensive solutions for collaboration and 3D product content creation that enable our customers to evolve their marketing beyond messaging.
As a Software Engineer - Cloud Services (m/f/d), you join our team responsible for the cloud service 3D Media Rendering located in Munich. The service is one of the corner stones in the 3DEXCITE infrastructure. You will work on the back-end focused on providing content generation capabilities, like high-quality visualization and media publishing on the 3DEXPERIENCE® platform. 
Your responsibilities:
Work as a developer in an agile team, in close collaboration with other teams
Design and coordinate solutions to satisfy functional and non-functional requirements
Provide reliable estimates to support planning and tracking of releases
Deliver software implementations in time and quality with automated tests (mainly in C++ and Java)
Monitor and maintain service operation on test and production environments
Ideate, prototype and validate new approaches, improvements and technologies
Your qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field
At least 5 years’ working experience in software development
Experience with developing small to medium sized distributed software systems
Proficiency in coding, debugging and testing in C++, Java, Bash (Extra: Python)
Competency with Linux, Data Modeling, SQL
Knowledge about tools and methodologies like CI/CD, GIT, SCRUM, Kanban
Very good analytical and problem-solving skills, strong communication skills in English. Ability to communicate with stakeholders on different levels.
Sense of responsibility for the tasks and engineering problems assigned to you
Motivated for learning new things
What's in it for you?
A permanent job in a sustainable, innovative, science-oriented international company
An open, creative, dynamic work environment in a motivated team
Varied challenging and rewarding tasks
Attractive training opportunities, supportive colleagues
Opportunity to shape the future of our service and beyond
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Dassault Systemes 3DExcite GmbH
München, Deutschland