Jobs by email
Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG
Fullstack Developer (m/f/d) Remote Option
Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Schaeffler is a dynamic global technology company and its success has been a result of its entrepreneurial spirit and long history of private ownership. Does that sound interesting to you? As a partner to all of the major automobile manufacturers, as well as key players in the aerospace and industrial sectors, we offer you many development opportunities.
Your Key Responsibilities
We - the Data Science Solutions (DSS) Unit at SCHAEFFLER are looking for you! In close collaboration with our business units, we create user-centric digital solutions on a global scale. In doing so, we use one of the most important assets of our company: data!
Our agile product teams consist of colleagues from all over the world. What unites them is cutting edge expertise in Data Science, AI and Machine Learning, holistic user experience, cloud computing and software engineering, data engineering & architecture. Award-winning applications speak for our success.
Your Key Responsibilities
Collaboration in the agile product team and in the development of customer-specific software solutions based on modern programming languages and technologies
Administration and ongoing automation of numerous operational processes based on DevOps technologies such as GitLab, GitHub, Jenkins and relevant cloud services
Continuous quality assurance and evolution of software solutions
Evaluation and documentation of new technologies and methods
Development of Java-based backend services, CI/CD and DevOps if interested and suitable
Working with cloud infrastructures und -services (based on Azure)
Your Qualifications
Your Qualifications
University degree in (Applied) Computer Science/ Informatics, or akin qualification with corresponding experience
First professional experience in IT, especially in the field of software development desirable as well as experience in agile working environments and a strong hands-on mentality
Knowledge of common backend technologies and software development tools (such as C#, Java, databases, Jira, Jenkins and Git) as well as cloud infrastructures (ideally based on Azure) and tools such as Power BI desirable
Deep knowledge and experience with Typescript and expertise with Angular
Knowledge in Angular Material, NgRx-Store or Redux Pattern is beneficial
Basic know-how in the conception of software products with regard to IT security, -scaling and -operation as well as code reviews and software testing advantageous
Interest in or practical experience with Unit Testing based on Jest or Jasmine is a plus as well as experience in REST-Interfaces
Fluent in English spoken and written, German is also beneficial
At ease interacting with people within and outside of the organization as well as strong analytical skills and ability to focus
Ability to take decisions and to be held accountable for them as well as ability to learn new skills when needed, be it new methodologies or others and to apply them to working method
What we offer
Our Offering
Flexible working models and attractive remuneration
A modern, collaborative work environment
A wide range of personal development opportunities among other things via our own "SCHAEFFLER Academy"
A competitive company pension scheme
Numerous employee benefits, such as health and sports offerings and corporate benefit
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG
90425 Nürnberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.