Jobs by email
BMW Group
Project Manager Generative AI (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Data Science team in München is currently seeking a
Project Manager Generative AI (f/m/x)
Tasks
IT IS INFRASTRUCTURE THAT CONNECTS PEOPLE WITH ONE ANOTHER.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
Complex systems require careful maintenance - ideally from people whose good ideas and enthusiasm can truly shine in a supportive work environment. Because people like this make IT unique, smart and ready for the future. Without IT, the innovative power of the BMW Group would simply not exist.
Work with us on science that is turning fiction into reality with concrete industrial applications of latest advances in machine learning. Generative AI, and general purpose foundation models as an underlying technology are driving AI adoption in industry at an unprecedented pace. Become part of the "iPhone moment in AI" as our wizard of "making things happen" with Generative AI. We are extending our team seeking a project manager, whose role will be to accelerate rollout and adoption of generative AI tools and platforms across business units.
What awaits you?
You will work closely with subject matter experts on identifying high potential use cases, help them define and execute rapid prototypes and proof of concepts, and define an industrialization pipeline.
You will be exposed to building exciting external partnerships, deep tech startup culture and a field of mounting international competition, rapidly evolving ecosystems, and pre-competitive cross-vertical collaboration alike.
You will identify applications of generative AI across all business units with a primary focus on product and development.
You will define initiatives from proof-of-concept to industrial rollout.
You will identify technology gaps and actively contribute to closing them through technical concepts and leveraging industrial and academic partnerships.
You will be coordinating partner projects both in realizing bilateral competitive implementations, as well as building pre-competitive cross-vertical initiatives to advance and leverage an ecosystem of general purpose AI.
You will collaborate closely with experts across all lines of business to identify, analyze, prioritize and accelerate the industrial application of advanced foundation model technology, both in the form of off-he-shelf products as well as integrated custom applications.
While at it meet energetic start-ups, have instigating discussions with leading tech partners and university researchers, draft product and feature roadmap, or meet young researchers by hosting workshops and co-organizing events.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in computer science, mathematics, physics, engineering, or a comparable qualification.
Several years of experience in the general field of machine learning, preferably with foundation and diffusion models or other forms of generative AI.
Experience in building strong project initiatives and executing their mission.
Ideally experience in corporate AI application portfolio management and rollout.
Experience with AI applications in the automotive industry would be a plus.
Relevant practical experience with selected AI tech stacks.
Project management, ideally leadership experience with diverse project teams. Experience with agile project management (e.g. Scrum) would be a plus.
Business fluent English.
You address your own ideas and go new technological ways courageously and motivated? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 45025
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.