Jobs by email
Kühne + Nagel (AG & Co.) KG
(Senior) Full Stack Software Engineer (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 month ago
Easy apply
Save
In this role as a Full Stack Software Engineer (m/f/d), you will be part of something brand-new! We are building a new business-critical core product to support our internal cross-application business customer profile data exchange.
"Cross Application Business Profile" is a newly created solution to support multiple critical systems to exchange customer profile information. Therefore, a completely new solution architecture will be discussed and designed.
Your tasks
Involvement in the whole lifecycle of creating a new software product including solution architecture, infrastructure components, tools etc.
Software Engineering with focus on Java environment, web applications and development of new modules and functionalities.
Ensure the smooth operation of the development toolchain and the production application.
Participation in agile projects and product lifecycles in close collaboration with members of the Business Unit and Product Owners (Joint Product Organization).
Your profile
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or equivalent) or apprenticeship in Software Development.
Profound experience with frontend technologies like Angular.
Experience with Java as well as related technologies e.g. Spring Boot.
Strong interest in working with agile methodologies.
Fluency in oral and written English, knowledge in German is beneficial.
What we offer
We want you to feel comfortable in your working surroundings. Therefore, we are offering you modern offices in the announced Hamburg Hafencity directly adjacent to the Elbe, mobile working arrangment, flexible working hours, a subsidized job ticket for the public transportation as well as a canteen with a broad range of menus. Kühne + Nagel is offering you a custom-made career – through individual planning and supervisors who support and advice you in every way. Personally, you get supported by a lot of work-life-balance offerings, a company pension and a supplementary health insurance.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Kühne + Nagel (AG & Co.) KG
20457 Hamburg, Deutschland