Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior) Project Manager for Infotainment Software (all genders)-In Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V668
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
 Your Mission 
The Project and Systems Team within the Delivery department leads the software development of the new infotainment system for Mercedes-Benz cars. The team steers more than 130 cross-functional teams and manages their interaction with stakeholders and suppliers. It establishes and maintains Agile processes, facilitates and supports the Mercedes-Benz carline projects in specific to create an excellent infotainment system.
 As a (Senior) Project Manager for Infotainment Software Development (all genders), you will plan and lead the development of application software towards achieving milestone goals, collaborate with Scrum Masters and Product Owners to ensure the team is working as productively as possible, and remove impediments on project level. You will be one of the key contact persons to bring various stakeholders and their demands together. Most of all, you will be tasked with unblocking the development teams to accelerate the team’s progress.
 We are looking for a colleague with a relentless can-do attitude who is excited to solve challenging problems by collaborating with many cross-functional teams. We ask for your creativity to tackle problems, and offer you the freedom to develop yourself.
Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education:
Master’s degree or comparable in computer science, information technology, automotive engineering, electrical engineering, or in a similar field
Experience: 
3+ years experience driving technical cross-functional software projects (embedded and/or cloud)
Understanding of agile and classic development processes and tools
Solid knowledge of Atlassian Jira and Confluence
High degree of expertise and technical understanding for hardware and software architecture, preferably for automotive infotainment systems
Skills and abilities:
Software engineering background
Own and drive cross functional/cross department/cross organisation topics
Identify gaps and technical needs and surface them
Report progress and communicate engineering needs to stakeholders
Understand complex software integration
Complete assignments in a resource-constrained environment
Ask for help and learn to navigate the organization
Collect information to create a realistic picture of the moving parts
Design work packages for suppliers and technically evaluate them
Communicate clearly in written and verbal form
Take decisions in a working group based on the purpose of hand, without wasting engineering time
Nice to have:
Experience in automotive and/or infotainment products
Experience and/or certificate in SCRUM and/or SAFe
Certification in the classic project management area (e.g. PMI, IPMA)
Understanding of challenges and constraints within the automotive domain and processes
International experiences
Software development skills (e.g. C++, Python, Java) and modern software development practices 
 Language skills:
Proficient in English. German is a plus.
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.  
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.