Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Senior Site Reliability Engineer (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V707
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
You will join a collaborative and agile team with a mixture of all experience levels, nationalities, and genders. We are striving things together like a family and offer after-work drinks, trips, and knowledge-sharing sessions where everyone in the team and company can offer insights into the desired topic (can be a technical or completely different thing, like personal skills or something else).
As a Senior Site Reliability Engineer (all genders) you will be working on MBition’s Software Factory (SWF), a large scaled CI/CD environment that is used to develop the whole Infotainment Platform, the car's main five ECU's (Electronic Control Unit) and many other products building together the core of Mercedes-Benz cars. Our vision is, to provide as many as possible self-services to use the Software Factory without any human interaction. You will enable software developers to use the latest and greatest engineering practices to achieve the best developer experience. You will have the opportunity to develop yourself with a provided budget for further education and shape your career within MBition.
Sneak preview of your future tasks
Being part of a distributed team that automates all the processes around the user management of the Software Factory
Create Python microservices for automation and have them highly available within AWS
Provide interfaces / APIs for the automated usage of all the automation
Contribute to the user-facing interface, which will be used for the self-services
Govern security and access control for thousands of users in our cloud infrastructure 
Contribute to the development of the working environment
Collaborate with stakeholders across the whole MB.OS (Mercedes-Benz Operating System)
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Experience
A Degree in Computer Science Engineering, Information Technology, or similar fields is nice but equivalent work experience is also fine
Strong programming skills in Python
Strong experience working with AWS
Extensive experience with IAM protocols like OAuth or OpenID
Several years of experience with Cybersecurity on the cloud
Several years of experience in building and maintaining IaC using Terraform or Serverless
Several years of experience with agile methodologies and a rapid development cycle
Experience with Linux, Git and Docker
Experience in software architecture and design patterns
Experience in monitoring and alerting 
Soft skills
Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills
Aspiration for DevOps principles and engineering excellence
Willingness to take ownership and drive topics end-to-end
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance, and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
Drive to empower your colleagues
Nice to have
Experience with Django
Experience with automotive projects
Open-Source Background
Experience with GitLab CI/CD
Experience with Prometheus and Grafana
Show us in your resume that you have read up to this point.
Language skills
Proficient in English
German is a plus
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.   
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.