Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Engineer   Можливість для людей з України
#GoStability
#GoPurpose
#GoGrowth
Software Engineer 
Apply now and grow within a rapidly evolving company. GoHealth Slovakia is looking for you.
Like being around other like-minded geeks? Passionate about taking highly technical projects from concept to completion? Want to play a pivotal role in the growth of one of Chicago’s hottest tech companies? Then we want to hear from you.
Possibility of working remote (only in Slovakia)/on-site in our Bratislava or Košice office.
Salary2 600 - 5 000 EUR/monthOffered salary varies based on relevant experience and skills. Medior from 2600 EUR, Senior from 3400 EUR. Plus: Annual Salary Bonus based on individual & company performance.
Your roleAs our Software Engineer, you work closely with our department and product architects to bring projects to life. You bridge the technical and business worlds to make sure every build meets client goals and professional standards. As a Software Engineer, you will primarily report to Technical Lead.Here’s what we’d love to see	You’re a passionate engineer – You design features and enhancements for a product. You make sure every line of code is written, documented and tested correctly. You review the code of other developers. You’re comfortable with agile, lean-based development processes and take ownership in your work.	You’re equally motivated to work on your own or alongside a small team. You oversee products, timelines and tasks with ease and deploy and monitor your own projects.	You’re experienced in business and technical requirements, integrating insights from lead and principal engineers to build solutions that function seamlessly while meeting business goals.
15 years of experience
For nearly 15 years, we’ve partnered with the biggest tech brands to get their ideas to market faster. As a leader in providing technical solutions in health insurance mediation, we have a robust digital platform that covers the entire life cycle of customers and helps millions of customers access affordable health insurance. We work with the cutting-edge technologies and tools, prize collaboration in all that we do, and push the boundaries with every new project.
Our technology plays a key role in our growth, and we are systematically modernizing our technological stack. We’re committed to growing a team of well-rounded engineers, operating software in a production environment and building easily maintainable software. That’s where you come in.
Required Skills
Must Haves:	Two or more years of real-world Java development experience	Experience with Java web development	Experience with common Java frameworks (Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate/JPA, etc.)	Knowledge of basic design patterns and algorithms	Experience with version control systems (Git preferred)	Experience working with different types of databases/application servers	Good sense of how to design and implement useful tests	Experience with Linux or *BSD and Open Source tools, frameworks, and technologiesNice to Haves:	Knowledge of JavaScript, TypeScript, Bash, Kotlin or Python	Knowledge of React and Redux, Vue.js	Experience with Docker	Experience with various Amazon Web ServicesWe are an equal opportunity employer, and we're dedicated to building an inclusive working environment. Frequently cited statistics show that women and underrepresented groups apply to jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. GoHealth encourages you to break that statistic and to apply. No one ever meets 100% of the qualifications. We look forward to your application.
Apply nowIf you are ready to play an important role in an upwardly mobile, innovative product development company, this is your opportunity to leverage and grow your unique strengths, talents and skills.
Apply now
Follow us on your  favorite social network
Bratislava 
                            Nivy TowerMlynské Nivy 5
                            821 09 Bratislava
Košice 
                            Hviezdoslavova 6, 
                            040 01 Košice
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 3964543 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  14.4.2023 
    2023-04-14
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: IT Consultant, Java Programmer, Javascript Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: GoHealth, s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 600 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
