Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Java Engineer 
Open positions
About us
Benefits
Impact
Senior Java EngineerGlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 800 EUR/monthMinimum wage, it depends on your skills and experience.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesLeading American computer software company helps product executives build better products, accelerate time to value, and monetize what matters. Customer's leading solutions help software and technology companies drive top-line revenue with modern software monetization, understand usage and compliance with software usage analytics, empower the use of open source with software composition analysis, and deliver an excellent user experience—for embedded, on-premises, cloud, and SaaS products.
Software and technology companies want to make the most out of their products. Their goal is to accelerate time to market and innovate as quickly as possible, build products that customers like, understand how they are being used, and monetize what matters.
Your main responsibilities will be:
- Work directly with the architect on the client side.
- Design and implementation of REST API as public integration API, including helping to take care of building the CI/CD and deployment pipelines; automation
- Participate in reviews of code, design, and requirement specifications to ensure feasibility.
- Provide regular updates on progress and delays encountered during development.
- Improve the team's technical capabilities and establish the best software development or testing practices within the respective domain. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills- Strong Java expertise with a minimum of 5 years of commercial experience
- Experience in designing and building distributed, scalable systems, data structures, and algorithms
- Design and implementation of REST API
- Experience in Spring and SpringBoot
- Experience in relational databases (MySQL, Postgres, etc.) and NoSQL databases (Mongo, AeroSpike, etc.)
- AWS Services knowledge, including IaC and terraform expertise
- Deep understanding of system design,
SQL programming background with the ability to troubleshoot and tune the code
- Excellent interpersonal and teamwork skills
- Strong problem-solving, troubleshooting, and analysis skills
- Experience working in a geographically distributed team
- Experience with leading and mentorship of other engineers
- Good knowledge of Agile Scrum
- Good communication skills Employee perks, benefits
Our bonus and benefits scheme
Cash benefits
Salary increase once a year + performance review twice a year
Bonus packages (benefits can be used in banks, restaurants, e-shops, air travel, dental hygiene, fitness, wellness, food shops..)
Extra bonuses
Additional four days of vacation on top of the statutory allowance provided for in the Labor Code
Possibility to work from home or from the office according to your preferences
Flexible working hours
A phone for you with a regular contribution of up to €120 and favorable prices for phones and flat rates
Parking available in all branches
Learning and Development
Internal education programs: Tech skills, Leadership skills, Communication skills
Professional conferences allowance
Support for learning on external platforms and obtaining certifications
Unlimited access to all Udemy for Business e-learning trainings
Knowledge sharing at TechTalks
Professional growth and development
Individual Development Plan
Annual performance review
Opportunity to rotate to a different project
Relocation opportunities within the company
GlobalLogic helps our specialists develop and be truly happy!
Comfortable offices and relaxation zones – table tennis, darts, Xbox, foosball,..
Openness and friendly atmosphere
International projects
Competitive compensation package
Regular socializing, teambuilding, sports activities
Work-life balance and flexible working hours
 Advertiser Brief description of the companyIn today's modern world dominated by digital technologies and digital experience, ability to CREATE and CODE represents superpowers that impact lives all over the world. Software Engineers have the possibility to make an impact beyond the code.
        GlobalLogic engineers create digital innovations that impact the lives of each of us. We bring together 28,000 talented professionals from all over the world. GlobalLogic is a place for innovators and fearless out-of-the-box thinkers. We recruit сhangemakers and help their exceptionality to shine through on 4 continents in 16 countries. Working here, you’ll collaborate with — and learn from — award-winning designers and engineers. In addition to the global rotation, relocation, and promotion policies, we check in regularly with our teams to make sure that they feel engaged, motivated and recognized.
        GlobalLogic, a Hitachi Group Company, is a leader in digital product engineering. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world, extending our deep expertise to customers in the automotive, communications, financial services, healthcare & life sciences, media and entertainment, manufacturing, semiconductor, and technology industries.
        GlobalLogic headquarters in Slovakia is located in Kosice and other company facilities are located in Zilina and Banska Bystrica. GlobalLogic Slovakia boasts talented engineers, low attrition levels, and an experienced senior management team.
        See our career opportunities and join the GlobalLogic family today! Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Michal KónyaTel.: +421918791561E-mail: send CV
Apply
                        GlobalLogic Slovakia, s.r.o.
                        Busines Centre Košice III,
                        Štúrova 50, 040 01
[email protected]
ID: 4556589 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  13.4.2023 
    2023-04-13
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: GlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
