Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceLead Data Scientist 
Unleash
Your Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Lead Data Scientist
Apply Now
Date posted: 13.4.2023
Location: Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary: 4 200 EUR/monthAs a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 4200 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesLead Data Scientist
Full-time. Flexible work available. Bratislava, Slovakia.
The Future Begins Here
At Takeda, we are creating a future-ready organization that uses data and digital to meet the needs of patients, our people, and the planet.
We need your help to make this happen. Join our new Innovation Capability Center (ICC) in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In this role at our state-of-the-art center, you will have the opportunity to grow your skills and create solutions that will benefit patients around the world. Become the heart of our internal innovation engine.
The Opportunity
This role involves collaborating with business users to transform the organization into a data-driven one. The responsibilities include translating requirements into analytics solutions, operationalizing decision support solutions, and evaluating data to provide actionable insights. Additionally, the role involves technical leadership of a team of Data scientists.
Responsibilities
•	You will collaborate with business partners to identify analytical opportunities and develop BI-related goals and projects that create strategically relevant insights.
•	You will work with internal and external partners to develop an analytics vision and programs that advance BI solutions and practices.
•	You will understand data sources and strategize with the IT development team to collect, ingest, and deliver data with proper data models for analytical needs.
•	You will interact with business users to define pain points, problem statements, scope, and analytics business cases, and develop solutions with recommended data models and business intelligence technologies such as data warehouses, data marts, OLAP modeling, dashboards/reporting, and data queries.
•	You will collaborate with DevOps and database teams to ensure the proper design of system databases and appropriate integration with other enterprise applications.
•	You will collaborate with the Enterprise Data and Analytics Team to design data model and visualization solutions that synthesize complex data for data mining and discovery.
•	You will develop and apply technologies such as machine-learning and deep-learning algorithms to enable advanced analytics product functionality, defining a learning and development strategy for the data science team, and developing the data science community in ICC and within Enterprise Data Services. Employee perks, benefitsWhat Takeda Can Offer You
At Takeda, you may build your career, while contributing to better people’s lives. Expect trust driven culture built around Integrity, Fairness, Honesty and Perseverance. Joining ICC will give you access to high-end technology, training and colleagues who will support your growth.
Salary
As a motivated employee, you should be compensated appropriately. The minimum salary for this position is € 4200 per month (full time), but your final remuneration package may be higher depending on your qualifications and experience.
Benefits
Here are a few benefits our employees are enjoying at Takeda. To get a full picture of what we are offering, go to bit.ly/icc-bts-benefits.
•	Cafeteria
•	Medical - High standard medical care
•	Bridge days
•	Summer Hours
•	Multisport Card
Your application and any and all conversations that occur with the recruiter, HR, and the hiring manager as part of that application will be treated in the strictest confidence.
#LI-Hybrid Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills•	Bachelors’ Degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, or related field from an accredited institution.
•	7+ years of experience with statistical modeling and analytics tools such as R, Python, Databricks, SageMaker, etc.
•	Experience in predictive and prescriptive modeling, deep-learning, or other machine learning techniques a plus.
•	Experience in BI application development and data warehousing, reporting, and SQL knowledge.
•	Great numerical and analytical skills, basic knowledge of Python Analytics packages (Pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels).
•	Ability to build and maintain scalable and reliable data pipelines and use statistical tools for data analysis and quality issues.
•	Proficiency in BI and Visualization tools (f. e. Qlik, Power BI), ETL, NoSQL, and proven design skills a plus. Advertiser Brief description of the companyTakeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey. ContactContact person: Juraj HrckaE-mail: send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4556863 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  13.4.2023 
    2023-04-13
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Business Intelligence Specialist, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Takeda   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 4 200 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
