Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práce.NET Developer 
.NET DeveloperSygic, a. s.
Place of work
Sygic, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/monthMin 2000 - 4000 EUR / gross monthly + additional remuneration
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking for an open-minded .NET developer with a positive approach to mobile and web development. We develop backend for frontend for our mobile application and also for a big web application based on microfrontends architecture. Both of these applications serve as a single interface for our customers. We actively participate on creation and update of software architecture and we can also affect architecture of backend services delivered by other teams for us. We also actively communicate with UX designers and frontend developers.
THIS IS WHERE YOU COME IN...
Working as a .NET developer for Sygic means working on new projects created regularly. It may sound like a phrase, but at Sygic, it is without a doubt a daily reality. It's pretty standard for less than a year to pass from the first idea of a new product to its production.
Being part of the DFO BFF team as a .NET developer means a relentless drive to improve existing services. With every new service, we always start with the best technologies. Of course, we have to learn how to use them, study them, and that is also a crucial part of being a .NET developer at Sygic. Anyway, every time we look back a year, we feel a shift in our report card.
Technologies: C#, .NET 7, EF 7, LINQ, Terraform, Azure DevOps and Azure everything, WebAPI, ASP.NET, MVC, MS SQL, Microservice architecture, Git, Kafka, Azure Kubernetes Service and we work mainly with MS technologies. Employee perks, benefitsWE TAKE GOOD CARE OF PEOPLE, AND OUR BENEFITS ARE A PERFECT PROOF OF THAT:
- Choose your benefits up to 1000 EUR. Flexible benefits scheme from Benefit plus program, where you choose your preferred products/services such as meal voucher card, pension contribution, books, technology, sport, culture, travel, extra health services and pharmacy products, holiday, children camps, and much more.
- Enjoy company events: hackathons, all-hands meetings, joint breakfasts, Christmas parties, summer teambuilding, and others.
- We support your mental health. If there is anything you want to discuss with a mental health professional, we offer free, anonymous psychological counseling with experts.
- Access to Coursera.org website, which offers 5.000 courses to develop your skills.
- You can enjoy sports and wellness with us thanks to a multi-sport card.
- Extra contribution and days off in case of significant life events.
- 3 health days per year.
- 5 days of holiday in excess of the law.
- Paid leave for volunteering towards a good cause or charity of your choice.
- A bonus scheme based on your performance.
- Flexible working hours with regular home office option.
- Philanthropy project.
- We are all on a first-name basis, we don't do dress codes, and you can usually meet 4-legged friends here as our office is pet friendly.
- We are seated in one of the most beautiful offices in Slovakia. More than 95% of our employees are proud to bring visitors and show them around.
- When you come to the office, a good chair and a height-adjustable table will await you to make your workday more comfortable.
- Beautiful terrace with a grill that you'll love chilling on.
- Free coffee, tea, and breakfast cereals go without saying. Our fully equipped kitchen is also at your disposal. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsYOU WILL NEED:
- You have experience with .NET/C# or .NET Core
- Experience with Azure is an advantage
- Experience with MS SQL database is also an advantage
- Experience with mobile or web applications is an advantage
- You are not afraid of challenges and you are independent Advertiser Brief description of the companyWe are Sygic; we have been changing the way people travel since 2004. We connect smartphones with cars, navigate you home, make sure of your safety, and navigate fleets worldwide. 
We are known for the Sygic GPS Navigation mobile application, the first navigation app on the Appstore and the second on Google Play, but today we are much more! After all these years, we extended, but the focus and start-up mentality remains. We became part of the Eurowag group in 2019, and now, we are happy to work on products that connect both visions into one. Together we work to simplify the life of fleet companies worldwide. 
Our users are considered part of the Sygic and Eurowag development family. We listen to their suggestions and try to ensure that our product still brings them added value. Number of employees200-249 employees ContactContact person: Zuzana MojžišíkováE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4557213 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  13.4.2023 
    2023-04-13
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer   Spoločnosť: Sygic, a. s.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
