Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Engineer Frontend Junior (React) 
Software Engineer Frontend Junior (React)ableneo Slovensko s.r.o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 500 EUR/monthIf you are interested, let´s discuss the salary. It really depends on the experience.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesOur mission is to empower organizations in adopting complex changes related to people, process, and technology. We are ableneo - a team of engineers, architects, data scientists, scrum masters and agile coaches focusing on one ultimate goal - help you innovate.
We are looking for a Frontend Engineer, innovative and passionate person who want to take ownership of features and project and have experience with: 
Typescript, React
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:
- Development of applications based on Typescript, React in an agile environment
- Participation in complete software life cycle through analysis, development, deployment, testing
- Troubleshoot and debug Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeTypeScript - BasicThe position is suitable for a fresh graduateYesPersonality requirements and skills• You iterate fast, without compromising quality, while taking care of detail
• Clean code is your mantra as you look to improve what is existing
• Respectfully challenging your colleagues, and being challenged in return is welcomed by you
• You are passionate about learning and want to help others learn too Advertiser Brief description of the companyWe are the innovation enablers
We do believe, that innovation is not only question of creativity, but it is the adoption process and focus on business value, what makes the change a successful story at the end. That’s why ableneo is combining engineering, transformation and business competence in order to have a new, holistic approach on organisational change. 
Enabling people, adapting process, implementing technology
We see innovation as a complex process, connected most of times with an emerging technology, but also requiring always an adaptation or change of company processes and mostly important of all – understanding and involvement of key asset of each enterprise – people. That’s why ableneo is strategically focusing on building competences in all three areas – people, process and technologies and approach each change as synergy of these elements. 
Commitment to agile and open source
We see any innovation as a strongly explorative process, therefore we are using experiments and early customer feedback as much as possible. We approach any change, project, or innovation with our disciplined process based on SCRUM focusing on maximum efficiency and business value generation.We believe, that open source strategy is the best accelerator for innovation. ableneo is strategically focusing on enterprise open source products and frameworks and partnering with leading open source vendors offering enterprise ready solutions applicable for mission critical use-cases. Number of employees25-49 employees ContactContact person: Ladislav OčvárE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4556843 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  13.4.2023 
    2023-04-13
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Frontend developer, Javascript Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: ableneo Slovensko s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
