Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceAndroid developer 
Android developerOffer experts s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 500 - 6 000 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking to hire a Android developer who has technical experience to work on Banking implementation projects in the area of Mobile Banking. You will work together with various other teams as the Customization teams as well as the product development teams 
You are responsible for the implementation of the technical components and solving technical challenges within the Mobile Banking application.
Implement, test, and technically document features of mobile banking solution
Analyse and resolve software defects
Ensure the best possible performance, quality and responsiveness of the mobile application
Use various tool to develop the mobile banking solution for e-banking clients that uses Android devices
Actively involved in the development process of our products
Proactively find bugs in our products, document the steps to reproduce them and provide a solution Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Intermediate (B1)Number of years of experience2Personality requirements and skillsAt least 2 years of experience working with mobile application development
Experience in native mobile application development (Java and Kotlin)
Experience working with Android SDK and remote data via REST and JSON
Strong knowledge on third party libraries and API
Clear understanding of the full mobile development life cycle
Experience in Agile processes
Analytical, solution driven, keen to details, ability to work with a team and above all has the passion to drive change. Advertiser Brief description of the companyrecruitment services/IT delivery ContactContact person: Mgr.  Peter KluknavskyE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4555067 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  11.4.2023 
    2023-04-11
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Android Developer, iOS Developer   Spoločnosť: Offer experts s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
