Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceInfrastructure Automation Engineer   Можливість для людей з України
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
We harness the power of tech to increase sustainability.
How do you want to use technology?
 Infrastructure Automation Engineer 
                                Place of work
                            Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
POSITIONDESCRIPTIONInfrastructure Projects Delivery Unit is responsible for design and deployment of network infrastructure solutions for external clients. An L3 resource is expected to function as the highest level of technical support and escalation for automation related issues, incidents and initiatives. The person should be able to take the role of Subject Matter Expert in technical project deliverables and be responsible for end-to-end solution implementation. Infrastructure Automation engineer should have sufficient networking experience to tightly cooperate with Infrastructure Network and Security team engineers to deliver the solutions on a wide scale covering all the infrastructure management aspects. WHAT WILLYOU DO•	Due-diligence of existing client’s solution, analyzing infrastructure in scope, logical interconnectivity, service dependency, integration options and security constraints.•	Attending meetings and workshops with the client to understand requirements, challenges and risks.•	Successfully presenting and defending complex designs for critical infrastructure to senior client resources at formal review boards•	Developing and integrating solution in cooperation with Infrastructure and Application project teams for solid infrastructure automation using existing industry standards, best practices and know-hows fitting it into existing infrastructure and operations framework.•	Creating designs and support documentation for the delivered solution. Raising change records and executing activity while adhering to client’s processes and procedures.•	Support and trouble-shooting of automation infrastructure and components delivered by the project to the client during transition/handover period.•	Vulnerability management, platform selection, software production-feature set and load- testing for chosen platform. WHAT WEEXPECT•	Have 1+ year(s) of working with enterprise infrastructure automation platforms such as HP/Microfocus, SPLUNK, BMC, etc. Certificate for any of the platform is a plus.•	Alternatively have 1+ year(s) experience with OpenSource automation IaaC platforms such as CFEngine, Chef, Puppet, Spacewalk, etc.•	Alternatively have 1+ year(s) experience of using generic automation and orchestration platforms for Infrastructure Automation tasks (e.g. Jenkins + Scripts/Ansible).•	Understand of DevOps process and Agile development cycle with Continuous Integration / Delivery (CI/CD). Experience with CI/CD platforms is a plus.•	Have a deep and strong knowledge of scripting and programming in any scripting language (Python, Perl, Shell + AWK, TCL, etc.) and communication protocols (REST, SNMP, SOAP, etc.)•	Have a good understanding of infrastructure topologies, including legacy networking (switching, static, dynamic and rule-based routing, etc.) and modern cloud infrastructure (Subnets, Gateways, Load-Balancers, Peering, etc.)•	Understand cloud technologies and infrastructure virtualization (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, NFV, SDN)•	Be flexible for international business trips to attend client meetings or workshops; or perform remote site installation and configuration.•	Have good verbal communication skills (English) in both technical and non-technical communications.•	Have good experience creating design documents (HLD, LLD) diagrams (Vision) and presentations (PPT)•	Have good analytical mindset for problem solving under stress and time pressure. WHAT WEOFFERSalary1 800 - 3 000 EUR/monthAccenture offers a competitive compensation package. As required by the Slovak law we state, that the legal monthly minimum gross base pay starting from 1 800 € to 3 000 €. Base salary is likely to be higher depending on your professional and personal qualifications in the required areas.Recognition: • Guaranteed paid overtime or overtime vacation• German language bonus up to 400€ monthly/gross depending on language proficiency and level of seniority• Flexible Benefit System - budget to be spent on services of your choice• Competitive bonus structure• Refer-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program• Loyalty rewardsFlexibility: • Flexible working arrangements (time & place of work)Future: • Wide range of trainings and expert lectures• Regular performance review and career growth possibilities• Ongoing career guidance and mentoring (Global Mentoring Program, Lean In)• Employee share purchase planFamily & Health: • 3 extra days off• Sick leave salary compensation (up to 100%)• Home-office equipment• Family oriented benefits (Wedding, Parental and Baby days-off and bonuses)• Employee assistance services (professional psychological, financial and legal help)• Multisport card• 24/7 Telehealth support• Bereavement Leave (up to 4 weeks) Interested?Apply for this job
Similar career opportunities at Accenture
Experienced ServiceNow Consultant / Developer (permanent home office possible)Data Security EngineerInfrastructure Network Support EngineerInfrastructure Network EngineerInfrastructure Security Engineer Infrastructure Security Senior Engineer Experienced ServiceNow Consultant / Developer (permanent home office possible)
                            © 2020 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.
ID: 4191382 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  12.4.2023 
    2023-04-12
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: IT Analyst, IT Consultant, Programmer, Software Engineer, Systems Administrator   Spoločnosť: Accenture, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 800 EUR/month
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
