Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie prácePython Software Engineer (Medior/Senior) 
Python Software Engineer (Medior/Senior)Frinx s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 4 000 EUR/monthThe final offer for the selected candidate will reflect their comprehensive assessment, skills and past work experience (the upper limit is indicative).
We work in a hybrid setting (1 day per week working at our Bratislava or Poprad office is welcomed, with the core hours from 10am till 3pm).
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties> Analysis and architectural design for implementation in our products in customer environment
> Implementation of unit and regression tests using Python3
> Taking pride in writing clean, optimized code (some of it is open sourced)
> Reviewing of code developed by other colleagues
> Estimating small to large tasks and oversee the completion
> Development of technical documentation Employee perks, benefits> Working on projects for global Telco companies
> Working at an international, dynamic, fast-growing business
> Flexibility (you decide when & where you work)
> Young, agile and friendly team
> Referral bonus
> Casual dress code
> "Stay healthy" bonus
> Team-building events
> Support of personal growth and knowledge sharing Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Educational SpecializationInformation TechnologyLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) and Slovak - Advanced (C1)Personality requirements and skills> Advanced knowledge of Python (min. 2 years)
> The ability to handle a full life cycle development from analysis, design, implementation and testing
> Required knowledge of GIT
> Basic knowledge of Unix and Bash
Welcomed skills:
> Knowledge or experience with these technologies: networking, networking protocols, client/server architecture, XML manipulation and parsing, UML, JSON
> Model-driven architecture/domain-specific languages implementation
> Willingness and ability to teach and share knowledge
> Knowledge of Open Daylight technology Advertiser Brief description of the companyWe are a team of passionate developers and industry professionals who want to change the way networking software gets developed, deployed and used. FRINX is made up of developers and network professionals who have vast experience with developing and deploying network applications in very large scale environments.
Elisa Polystar has acquired FRINX s.r.o., a Slovak network automation software supplier. FRINX products and software will complement Elisa Polystar’s zero-touch automation and analytics offering, which helps communications service providers (CSPs) automate their network management processes in a multivendor telecom network environment. The acquisition is consistent with Elisa’s strategy to grow digital services internationally and accelerate development of its telecom software business under Elisa Polystar. With this transaction, Elisa Polystar is taking another step on its strategic journey to make self-driving networks happen.
FRINX is a privately owned software provider founded in Bratislava, Slovakia, in 2016. FRINX helps CSPs automate their network configuration management. Its products – proven by installations among leading CSP customers – are cloud-native, microservices-based and network vendor-independent. Today, the company has around 40 experts working in its projects. Following the acquisition, development of their product offering will continue as part of Elisa Polystar’s automation business.
Elisa Polystar is a world-leading network automation and analytics solutions provider, serving over 120 CSPs globally. With its background as an international business of Finland’s largest CSP, Elisa Polystar’s solutions are proven and tested in live networks. Number of employees25-49 employees ContactContact person: Career FrinxE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4536498 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  11.4.2023 
    2023-04-11
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Frinx s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
