Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceGoLang Developer for Open Sovereign Cloud 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
GoLang Developer for Open Sovereign CloudDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Start date
                            ASAP
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesSovereign Cloud is T-Systems' cloud offering for clients with high sovereignty needs. Clients in regulated sectors such as healthcare and the public sector are put in complete charge of their data – on an open-source platform, hosted in Europe. Our focus is to build new product – Sovereign Cloud within T-systems international cloud portfolio.
As a Software Developer in the Open Sovereign Cloud team (OSC) working on Gardener you will help us deliver the mission of helping customers run and use services based on containers with complete data sovereignty anywhere. At OSC, we are building a core set of functionalities that will allow our regulated and sectorial customers to create and use services based on Kubernetes at scale in their choice of regulated and compliant data centers, public clouds or hyperscalers. You will be part of an exceptional team moving the needle towards making containers as the next generation compute platform everywhere. This is an opportunity engineer system on a massive scale, and to gain top-notch experience in distributed systems and cloud computing.
Senior Software Solution Designer for application development is responsible for end to end solutions for customer’s demand with respect to different options on market, available internal systems, and Deutsche Telekom standards. Holder of the position is responsible to be part of the scrum team as the highest priority to drive business in order to bring value for customer.
Accountabilities
• Support and develop software on Open Sovereign Cloud as defined by product management and product owners
• Lead and work in SAFE methodology
• Develop software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle
• Develop complex cloud secure solutions based on open source technologies (GoLang, Kubernetes) as specified in requirements
• Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code
• Improve operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures
• Analyze initial customer demand and existing system architectures to bring value for customer
• Defines architecture rules and specifications
• Develop solutions for complex systems with good operability and a good price/performance ratio • Identify different options for fulfillment of customer’s demand to find optimal solution with appropriate ratio effort, price, time, quality
• Ensures compliance with rules and plans
• Design integration of solution, application, to existing systems
• Perform consulting to customer with respect to technical realization to mitigate differences in business vs technical requirements
 • Communicates effectively as a designer with developers (coders, testers)
• Creates solution/architecture documentation
• Design test driver, simulators & automation, logical test cases for test items, test infrastructure, test end & test abort criteria from release & test criteria
• Implement solution
• Perform lessons learned Wage (gross)2 500 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable. 
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2500 EUR/brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Personality requirements and skillsExperience
7 years on similar position
Certification
LSA and Product certification required in specific cases 
IT Technical Skills
MS Office - Expert
ITIL - Advanced
Solution proposal - Expert
Scrum - Expert
Jira - Advanced
SAFe - Advanced
Product Eexpert - Expert
Soft Skills
Communication
Presentation
Analytical thinking
Result orientation 
Able to develop colleagues
Conflict management
Finance Skills
Resource Planing 
Other skills
Organisational skills
Diplomacy
Project management
Skill 4 
Other criteria or requirements
Work collaboratively with others to achieve goals
Be a persistent, creative problem -solver
Remain cool and effective in a crisis
Stay on the leading edge of development practices
Passionate about great technologies, especially open source
Understand business needs and know how to create the tools to manage them
Extensive knowledge of business environment and IT, business process, organization, implications of changes
Experience in business analysis, business process design and end-to-end IT solution design
Experience in introducing comprehensive IT solutions in a complex IT application landscape, analyzing and preparing a new solution, testing, participation in roll outs
Experience in creating topic-specific IT guidelines and blueprints and communicating/consulting this content with system users
Clear focus on performance, results and strong communication skills
Analytical abilities and capacity for joined-up thinking
Ability to simplify complex procedures with regard to the customer Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in January 2006 under the name T-Systems Slovakia and has been inextricably linked with this region ever since. We proved this the very next year, when we became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley association.
Over the last decade, we have managed to grow from scratch to being the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country. At the same time, with more than 3,900 employees, we are one of the top fifteen largest employers in Slovakia. Thanks to our highly qualified and motivated employees, we are the company with the fastest growth in added value within the IT industry in Slovakia. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative services.
The company under the brand T-Systems Slovakia s.r.o.  has defined its mission as follows: "We give IT meaning".
As part of our strategic activities, we are transforming our company into a modern information and communications technology services provider stepping towards a future based on digital technologies. We implement these steps to move our business from a project-driven model (where we supply the required number of IT experts based on our customer's requirements) to an innovative and product-oriented company model (where we supply and manage products and services during their lifecycle at the customer).
We believe that such a transformation can succeed with the right employees who are constantly developing their skills and thus contributing to the professional image of our brand in the market. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Lívia TomečkováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4395837 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  11.4.2023 
    2023-04-11
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Backend developer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
