Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceC++/Qt QML developer  Можливість для людей з України
C++/Qt QML developerOZZYLOGIK, s.r.o.
Place of work
Na Pažiti, Svätý Jur
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 500 - 5 000 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are a Ukrainian company that creates high-tech measuring hardware and software data processing complexes.
Due to the expansion of our office in Slovakia, we are looking for a C++/Qt QML developer.
Technologies we use: C++, Qt, QML, Multithreading, SQLite, Sockets
In our team: 6 С++ developers, 2 PHP and 2 Manual QA 
Responsibilities:
- Code writing and creating a GUI for working with maps
Requirements:
- Technical Master's or Bachelor’s degree
- Experience with the specified stack of at least 5 years (C++, Qt, QML, Multithreading, SQLite, Sockets)
- Proficiency in Ukrainian or Russian at levels B1-B2
- Proficiency in English for reading technical documentation
Working conditions:
- Office-based work, location Svaty Jur
- Competitive salary based on your expectations
- Annual salary and performance review
- Working hours from 8:00 to 17:00 or from 9:00 to 18:00
- Corporate lunches and coffee, tea, fresh fruits, and other delicious snacks
- Fully paid sick leave, vacation, and health insurance in accordance with Slovak law. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsUkrainian - Intermediate (B1) or Russian - Intermediate (B1)Experience in the position/sector5Number of years of experience5 Advertiser Brief description of the companyOzzylogik is a product company that is engaged in telecommunications.
We have been producing hi-tech devices for data processing for 6 years. We work in the European and East Asian region.
Our team consists of highly motivated and skilled specialists who are focused on the result. The working atmosphere in the team is formed on the basis of mutual assistance, respect, responsibility and an individual approach to each employee. ContactContact person: Nataliia KrivaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4555445 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  11.4.2023 
    2023-04-11
lokalita: Svätý Jur   Pozícia: C++ Programmer   Spoločnosť: OZZYLOGIK, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
