Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceUser Experience Designer 
User Experience DesignerQuest Software Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 800 EUR/monthBase salary starting at 2800€ gross per month. Actual salary likely to be higher depending on each individual candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesQuest Software is looking for an intermediate UX designer to join an Agile development team remotely anywhere in Slovakia. This team is building software which simplifies and improves the management of critical enterprise data. The team member will be responsible for the end-to-end design of large-scale SaaS software solutions. The candidate will be working as a member of a cross-functional, Agile based development team and be responsible for all aspects of the design process from research and need finding to high fidelity interactive prototypes. The candidate will be part of a global development team and will need to overlap some working hours with team members in the US Eastern time zone.
Responsibilities:
•	Translate concepts and requirements into user flows, wireframes, designs, and prototypes and assist with the implementation of designs by collaborating with developers, ensuring design meets objectives.
•	Develop and maintain design systems, style guides, and pattern libraries to ensure consistent and cohesive user experiences across multiple product teams.
•	Conduct user research and testing to validate design solutions and gather insights to inform future design decisions.
•	Comfortable hosting workshops and ideation sessions
•	Ensure designs are accessible and inclusive for all users, incorporating principles of universal design where appropriate.
•	Collaborate with peers in the UX team, product managers, developers, and leadership to define and evaluate detailed product requirements and UX standards.
•	Contribute to our team’s iterative design practice, based on Agile and Lean methodologies.
•	Become knowledgeable of our products, intimately familiar with all aspects of the end-to-end user experience and the customers who use our products.
•	Define and incorporate interaction and visual UI (User Interfaces) patterns for consistency within and across products.
•	Proactively communicate with partners and stakeholders using Azure DevOps, Confluence, Teams, and other tools as appropriate.
•	Conduct usability testing and use other qualitative and quantitative research methods to drive and evaluate designs based on the strategic vision for the product. Employee perks, benefits• Health, Family & Retirement
• Incentive Compensation
• Professional Development
• Remote Work Flexibility
• Language Lessons Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills•	3+ years’ experience in UX design or related field with an emphasis on enterprise-level products.
•	Strong portfolio that highlights a deep understanding of UX design principles and a proven track record of delivering successful solutions for complex, enterprise-level products.
•	Strong experience working with Figma to create visual designs, interactive prototypes, and version control.
•	Experience creating and maintaining a design system and reusing its components consistently across products.
•	Education and work experience consistent with advanced design expertise.
•	Experience gathering both qualitative and quantitative data to drive design decisions and prioritization.
•	Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to effectively communicate design solutions to stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
•	Proven technical competence and ability to quickly learn new complex technologies in the IT industry.
•	Understanding of the software development process and experience working closely with engineering teams.
•	Highly analytical with strong attention to detail, a risk mitigation mindset, and exceptional communication and conflict resolution skills.
•	Ability to work with a globally distributed team. Advertiser Brief description of the companyQuest Software enables organizations of all sizes to better secure, manage, monitor, protect, and analyze information and infrastructure to help fuel innovation and drive their businesses forward. With over 5,000 team members around the globe, we intend to continue to grow revenues and add value to customers. 80 of the Fortune 100 Companies rely on Quest for Identity Security Solutions!
When you join our team, you will have the opportunity to build and develop products at a scale few others can provide. Our product portfolio serves a large base of customers, and we are addressing the strategic imperatives for enterprise businesses. Working with some of the most talented employees the industry has to offer, we provide enhanced career opportunities for team members to learn and grow in a rapidly changing environment.
Why work with us?
- Life at Quest means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology.
- When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution.
- Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships.
- We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enable them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential.
- Our team members’ health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work.
Quest is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: Quest is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Quest are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Quest will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Quest encourages applicants of all ages. Number of employees25-49 employees ContactContact person: Attila TakacE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4553530 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  6.4.2023 
    2023-04-06
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Frontend developer, IT Architect, Software Engineer, User Experience Expert, Web Designer   Spoločnosť: Quest Software Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
