Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceMedior/Senior Java Developer (US Timezone) 
Open positions
About us
Benefits
Impact
Medior/Senior Java Developer (US Timezone)GlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 300 EUR/monthMinimum wage, it depends on your skills and experience.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesCustomer is one of the biggest companies on the market of home entertainment consumer electronics devices that strives to provide their clients with high-quality products and services.
This position collaborates with a geographically diverse team to develop, deliver, and maintain the backend systems for digital subscription and transactional products across the Customer’ SVOD portfolio. As a member of a team including developers with a range of specialties, as well as dedicated QA team members, this role requires familiarity with backend services, microservice, API design and development.
- Work collaboratively with a cross-functional distributed team of engineers to deliver key products on schedule.
- Tasks include designing, developing, testing, and documenting services and new features.
- Introduce and analyze requirements.
- Ability to work effectively, independently, and in a team environment.
- Performing other related duties as assigned.
- Supervise problem solving on result-driven basis.
- Participate in technical interviews. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills- 4+ years of professional experience using Java, REST Webservices, Hibernate, JPA.
- Strong practice Design Patterns and Java Enterprise Design Patterns, main java data structures and algorithms experience.
- Practice in Java (J2EE), SpringBoot, Spring security, Docker, ElasticSearch.
- AWS (or comparable cloud solution) experience (Lambdas, S3, SQS, SNS, Step functions, Kinesis, etc.).
- Practise and good knowledge of PSQL or SQL, queries tuning and optimization, strong knowledge of relational database basis.
- Gradle knowledge.
- Working knowledge of Git and version control best practices.
- Good collaborator and teammate, with exceptional communication skills.
- Good use-case/feature/task estimation skills.
- Passion for engineering; looks for novel and creative solutions to complex, systematic problems. Proven ability to look beyond the surface to understand root causes in building long term solutions.
- Knowledge of or willingness to learn Scrum/Agile methodology.
- Upper Intermediate English (writing and speaking). Employee perks, benefits
Our bonus and benefits scheme
Cash benefits
Salary increase once a year + performance review twice a year
Bonus packages (benefits can be used in banks, restaurants, e-shops, air travel, dental hygiene, fitness, wellness, food shops..)
Extra bonuses
Additional four days of vacation on top of the statutory allowance provided for in the Labor Code
Possibility to work from home or from the office according to your preferences
Flexible working hours
A phone for you with a regular contribution of up to €120 and favorable prices for phones and flat rates
Parking available in all branches
Learning and Development
Internal education programs: Tech skills, Leadership skills, Communication skills
Professional conferences allowance
Support for learning on external platforms and obtaining certifications
Unlimited access to all Udemy for Business e-learning trainings
Knowledge sharing at TechTalks
Professional growth and development
Individual Development Plan
Annual performance review
Opportunity to rotate to a different project
Relocation opportunities within the company
GlobalLogic helps our specialists develop and be truly happy!
Comfortable offices and relaxation zones – table tennis, darts, Xbox, foosball,..
Openness and friendly atmosphere
International projects
Competitive compensation package
Regular socializing, teambuilding, sports activities
Work-life balance and flexible working hours
 Advertiser Brief description of the companyIn today's modern world dominated by digital technologies and digital experience, ability to CREATE and CODE represents superpowers that impact lives all over the world. Software Engineers have the possibility to make an impact beyond the code.
        GlobalLogic engineers create digital innovations that impact the lives of each of us. We bring together 28,000 talented professionals from all over the world. GlobalLogic is a place for innovators and fearless out-of-the-box thinkers. We recruit сhangemakers and help their exceptionality to shine through on 4 continents in 16 countries. Working here, you’ll collaborate with — and learn from — award-winning designers and engineers. In addition to the global rotation, relocation, and promotion policies, we check in regularly with our teams to make sure that they feel engaged, motivated and recognized.
        GlobalLogic, a Hitachi Group Company, is a leader in digital product engineering. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world, extending our deep expertise to customers in the automotive, communications, financial services, healthcare & life sciences, media and entertainment, manufacturing, semiconductor, and technology industries.
        GlobalLogic headquarters in Slovakia is located in Kosice and other company facilities are located in Zilina and Banska Bystrica. GlobalLogic Slovakia boasts talented engineers, low attrition levels, and an experienced senior management team.
        See our career opportunities and join the GlobalLogic family today! Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Jaroslava ŠmelkováE-mail: 
Apply
                        GlobalLogic Slovakia, s.r.o.
                        Busines Centre Košice III,
                        Štúrova 50, 040 01
[email protected]
ID: 4555132 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  11.4.2023 
    2023-04-11
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Java Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: GlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
