Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Hadoop Developer (all genders) #hadoop #python 
            We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle. 
Software Hadoop Developer (all genders) #hadoop #python
Location:  Bratislava
Working-Hours: Full-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            With top notch technology, we drive the realization offers the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times, and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region.We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.The divisions Data and Data2Business together provide data, reporting and analytics solutions to steer and grow Erste Group. Our department is responsible for building and maintaining Reporting solutions and approaches for Controlling and support the data exploration and analytical needs of the business users. Our agile team provides our business partners with consulting services in data-driven projects where learning from data and getting added value from data-derived insights has a significant part.
            As a Software Hadoop Developer, you closely collaborate with colleagues from business and IT to design data-driven solutions that will help improve our company. You will be primarily responsible for the design, development, deployment, and maintenance of the Hadoop environment. You may also need to assess existing data solutions in Oracle, build scalable ETLs and create documentation. 
Typical tasks would be:
Integrate and implement ETL process for the reporting systems
Identify areas of improvements e.g. performance optimization and trigger relevant initiatives
Enable the users with optimal access to the data stored on Hadoop or Oracle for reporting purposes.
Contribute to the architecture and design of how to build and extend our Hadoop-based Controlling solution
You check these boxes:
Possess a knowledge of Hadoop technologies (Cloudera, Python, Spark, Hive, Impala, Sqoop,…)
Experience with Jira and Confluence
Passion for teamwork in a multicultural environment and desire for continuous learning
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste 
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Culinary delights – Healthy nutrition and good food are important for our quality of life. Whether lunch, breakfast or snacks – everything is within reach. As an employee, you receive a meal allowance per day. 
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combining the best of both worlds, remote and office time
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
Language courses for German & English – Learning a new language unites. We support you with appropriate language courses where you participate together with your colleagues.
Visa Sponsoring – We support our employees with all the formalities associated with a relocation to Slovakia and also advise them on choosing a suitable residential area
Thanks to our corporate benefits partners, you can also receive a whole bunch of discounts in different areas
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2500 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4553247 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  6.4.2023 
    2023-04-06
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
