Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSolution Architect  Можливість для людей з України
About us
Our benefits
Students
Open positions
Solution Architect
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 12, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 200 EUR/monthOur final offer to you will be set up fairly, considering the skills and experience that you bring to the Swiss Re Group. You can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including an attractive performance-based bonus.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAbout the Team
This role is a key innovative position within the New Propositions & Digital Partnerships team within Group Digital & Technology. The team plays a key role in helping to foster a culture of innovation, automation and digitalization for Swiss Re. We’re looking for a Solutions Architect to lead technical design for innovative solutions This role will combine, design thinking techniques, engineering expertise, networking skills and business domain know how.
As the Solution Architect within the New Propositions and Digital Partnerships team, you’ll work in a fast paced, multi-functional environment to understand internal / external customer needs and technological landscape, driving the technical conversation end-to-end and align with the prototype lab teams to deliver new to world solutions. If you are passionate about solution design, engineering, innovation and leadership, then read on! : 
About the Role
•    Solution architecture and engineering of brand new, innovative, cost-efficient solutions setting the seal on scalability and resilience of the solution
•    Working closely with the Prototype Lab, to design and test new to market solutions and prototypes 
•    Evaluate new technologies, proposing solutions that fit with our platform standard and company strategy
•    Support the New Propositions and Partnership lead with design and architecture guidance and best practise 
•    Acquire and maintain an in-depth understanding of the application landscape in your application portfolio
•    Collaborate with peers, data and application engineers to drive the modern cloud architecture of our unit work closely together with your colleagues from Business Architecture.
•    Keep up with new technology trends and identify promising new solutions aligned to use-case focus Employee perks, benefitsYou can look forward to extra rewards and benefits including:
- Attractive performance-based bonus
- Ultra flexible working time in hybrid setup, allowing you to work also from home
- Modern office spaces in attractive location
- 5 additional days of holiday
- Lunch allowance fully paid by Swiss Re
- Referral bonus
- Pension & risk insurance contribution
- Sick days and sick leave support
- Public transport benefit
- Multisport card Information about the selection processThis job offer is suitable for people who have been impacted by the invasion of Ukraine.
We are an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. Our aim is to live visible and invisible diversity – diversity of age, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, physical abilities, personalities and experiences – at all levels and in all functions and regions. We also collaborate in a flexible working environment, providing you with a compelling degree of autonomy to decide how, when and where to carry out your tasks.
We provide feedback to all candidates via email. If you have not heard back from us, please check your spam folder. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsAbout You
You have a deep understanding of how technology works and concept like scalability, resilience and security are part of your daily vocabulary. You also have a good understanding of how IT infrastructure works and how to communicate effectively technical concepts. You have a passion for technology and are able to use this effectively driving innovative and responsible solution designs
Professional Experience: 
-    Proven relevant working experience in IT related field, including experience in managing suppliers, vendors and partners
-    Deep understanding of IT systems and integrations layer (Interfaces, API, Gateways, Network, Auth etc)
-    Strong experience in designing and modelling technical solutions matching the company vision
-    Be able to craft architectural overviews ranging from solution architecture to abstracted enterprise architecture diagrams
-    Thorough understanding of security principles, techniques, and protocols Advertiser Brief description of the companyAs the world's leading and most diversified global reinsurer, we offer as our core business financial services products that enable risk taking essential to enterprise and progress. Our company was founded in Zurich, Switzerland in 1863, and operates in more than 25 countries and provides its expertise and services to clients throughout the world. We combine financial strengths with experience, knowledge and creative thought to explore new opportunities in the interests of our clients, staff and shareholders. Number of employees1700 and more employees Company addressLearn more about working in Swiss Re Slovakia. ContactContact person: Kristina ZakovaTel.: +421232778270
Apply here
ID: 4554076 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  7.4.2023 
    2023-04-07
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Backend developer, DevOps Engineer, IT Architect, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Swiss Re   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 200 EUR/month
Odporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
