Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Java Software Engineer for George (all genders) 
            We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle. 
Senior Java Software Engineer for George (all genders)
Location:  Bratislava
Working-Hours: Full-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            With top notch technology, we drive the realization offers the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times, and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region. We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.
            Our team is responsible for delivering the data from the banks into the George ecosystem, handling millions of messages per day. You will take these details in your stride and make George shine for the user.Above all else, you are a believer in the craft of Software Engineering and your ability to push the boundaries of what is possible to achieve with code. You will:collaborate closely with colleagues from the ideation of features through the conceptual and planning phasesbring innovative and high-performing solutions to life
You check these boxes:
5+ years of experience in Java-based programming.
A good grip of Design Patterns and multithreaded processing
Nice to have: experience with Kafka and other messaging systems, experience with Cassandra or other distributed NoSQL databases.
A love for code quality and testing
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste 
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Culinary delights – Healthy nutrition and good food are important for our quality of life. Whether lunch, breakfast or snacks – everything is within reach. As an employee, you receive a meal allowance per day. 
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and office time
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
Language courses for German & English – Learning a new language unites
Visa Sponsoring – We support our employees with all the formalities associated with a relocation to Slovakia and also advise them on choosing a suitable residential area
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2 800 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin. 
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4551420 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  4.4.2023 
    2023-04-04
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
