Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSpring Boot Senior Developer  
Spring Boot Senior Developer VITA COM BUSINESS EURÓPA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesYou can expect exciting and technologically demanding software projects for one of our internationally renowned major customers. You will be part of the development team and work with the following technologies:
- Spring Boot
- REST, JWT, JPA, OpenAPI
- PostgreSQL
- Event-Sourcing Architecture
- CI/CD: Gitlab Build Pipelines, Docker, AWS-ECS
Depending on your skills, these technologies could also come into play:
- React, Typescript, RxJS,
- AWS Cloud
- HTML, CSS, SASS
- Testautomation
Requirements:
As a technology-oriented company, we attach great importance to the fact that our employees are constantly developing and have a great interest in new technologies and procedures.
We also expect our SENIOR devs and architects to accompany and coach younger colleagues and to feel responsible for the further development of the technological orientation in the company.
What you should therefore bring with you:
- At least 5-7 years of professional experience
- Deep and proven knowledge of the above-mentioned technologies
- Keen interest in learning new stuff
- Enjoy working independently and in a self-organized manner
- Quick perception and solution orientation
- Very good knowledge of German and/or English
- Be a team player!
The most important thing is that you program very good and clean code yourself and want to pass on your knowledge to younger colleagues and take on responsibility
Our customer is a specialist for business-critical systems. As a leading implementation partner, supports companies in digitizing their business-critical business processes, integrating AI solutions and operating their critical infrastructure. Employees appreciate the excellent working atmosphere, the opportunity to get involved, to actively shape their role and to continuously develop professionally as well as personally. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional EducationLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) or German - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeSpring Boot  - AdvancedJava - AdvancedSQL - Advanced Advertiser Brief description of the companyThe company with stable position in European IT market. Excellent references of realized projects or projects in realization. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Martin TrenčanskýTel.: +421917660851E-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4551786 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  4.4.2023 
    2023-04-04
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: VITA COM BUSINESS EURÓPA, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
