Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceGlobal Web Producer 
Voľné pozície
O nás
Zamestnanecké výhody
Kontakt
Global Web Producer
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Wage (gross)
From 1 600 EUR/monthPerformance bonus 2 times per year up to 16,67% of the basic salary paid for the evaluation period(usually 6 months).*The final basic wage component can be increased accordingly to individual skills and experience of the selected candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesJoin ESET’s global team of digital enthusiasts! We’re driving ESET’s online presence from Japan through United Kingdom to USA and Argentina. Become the specialist in Web Production across diverse set of websites, landing pages, and campaigns – globally. 
We’re looking for a motivated web specialist with background in frontend technologies – HTML5, CSS3, JS. You’ll be in touch with our Digital, Development, Marketing, Sales, and Product colleagues and have your say in how web initiatives are created, tested, and launched – globally. 
We need you to have an eye for detail, yet still see the big picture of digital business. To handle creative and agile assignments while think in terms of processes and patterns in the long run. If you’re data-driven, empathic, creative, and your English is fluent, this might be the position for you. 
On top of ESET’s regular employee perks, we offer an engaging, ingenious, and impactful job – globally.
As our Web Producer you will: 
• Upload web content using the global content management system (CMS). 
• Integrate provided content with web design, templates, and best practices. 
• Produce page and element prototypes via prototyping tools, CMS, or HTML/CSS. 
• Create landing pages, supports product/campaign launches, and drive large-scale web updates. 
• Submit feature requests for CMS, cooperate on their prototyping, specification, and acceptance testing.
• Cooperate with digital specialists and creatives on web production, prototyping, iterations and testing. 
• Publish web changelogs, documents content inventory, and CMS functionality to facilitate smooth content adoption globally. 
• Work closely with other digital teams to improve web UX, conversion rates, performance, and SEO. Employee perks, benefits• Support in personal and professional development - opportunities to attend various trainings, courses, conferences or meetups 
• Attractive financial bonus paid twice a year based on your performance
• Financial support in case of life milestones (wedding, childbirth)
• Complementary retirement savings contributions
• Fully covered 7 EUR/per day meal vouchers
• Wide range of benefits in sport, healthcare, culture, education and other areas 
• "Refer a friend" benefit - the opportunity to receive a financial bonus when referring a friend for an open vacancy
• Available home-office days - 12 days per month (in SR)
• Fully-paid 3 sickdays 
• Loyalty program - extra vacation days and financial bonus after working at ESET for 5 and more years
• Mind & Soul program - free helpline and counselling in personal and professional development 
• Sport activities support – possibility to participate in various races, bike cages, bikes for rent
• Fresh fruit, tea, coffee, non-alcoholic beverages - you can find them all in every kitchen
• Casual, friendly, open culture with no dress code
• Participating in company events
• Opportunity to use company common areas (terrace, relax zone, library) for a chill time and meetings with colleagues
• Volunteering and opportunity to participate in various CSR activities Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsWe are looking for: 
• Experience with content management systems. Typo3 CMS is a plus. 
• Intermediate grasp of frontend coding (HTML5, CSS3, JS) and experience with coding / prototyping of interactive web elements from the scratch. 
• Experience on similar position integrating user / business / technical requirements with web production and optimization. 
• Experience with web design tools (Adobe XD, UXpin, Figma, or others), user research, and data-driven web optimization is a plus. 
• Grasp of visual editing software (Photoshop, Illustrator) is a plus.  
• Presentation skills with emphasis on conceptualizing data-driven ideas.  
• Oversight of digital business and development trends and best practices – UX, web analytics, SEO, performance, and web development. 
• Efficient task management and proactive contribution to project’s completion.
• Curious and open minded individual with willingness to continually uncover new communication practices in area of ever-changing website environment.
• Advanced English language (written and spoken). Advertiser Brief description of the companyThe beginnings of ESET date back to 1987, when two young programming enthusiasts, Peter Paško and Miroslav Trnka, wrote a program for the detection of one of the world’s first computer viruses. They did not know that they had created one of the most successful antivirus programs in the world – dubbing it NOD. In 1992, together with their mutual friend Rudolf Hrubý, they formally established ESET.
What started as the brainchild of a few friends has evolved into the most valuable international brand of any Slovak company. Today ESET’s NOD32 technology protects over 100 million users across the world.
This success did not come overnight. The company’s global success and growth was given a boost in 1998 with its first “VB100” award from the prestigious Virus Bulletin magazine. Since then, we’ve received this accolade more than 100 times.
Today, over 2,100 employees around the world drive the company’s success – a telling increase from 3 in 1987 and 135 in 2006. More than 1200 of them are based in Slovakia, the home of ESET headquarters.
Throughout the company’s expansion, we have stayed true to the principles on which we were founded, and we remain independent in order to continue to meet new challenges. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Marika FiamínováE-mail: send CV
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 3964085 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.4.2023 
    2023-04-03
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Frontend developer, Marketing Analyst, Marketing Specialist, Web Designer, Webmaster   Spoločnosť: ESET, spol. s r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 600 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
