Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJunior Data Warehouse Developer 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Junior Data Warehouse DeveloperDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            Remote work
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Wage (gross)
1 000 - 1 600 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will be between 1000 - 1600€ /brutto.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking for a Junior Data Warehouse Developer who is passionate and eager to join our HR Analytics team. As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge Data Vault 2.0 methodology within the Microsoft Azure cloud environment. This role will challenge you to develop your skills and take on complex data warehousing projects in the HR field. Whether you have prior experience or are looking to expand your knowledge, we welcome your enthusiasm and drive. This role offers a great work-life balance with the option for remote work from anywhere in Slovakia. If you are self-motivated, results-driven, and have a passion for data warehousing and modeling, we would be thrilled to hear from you. Don't hesitate to apply if you're excited to learn more about the Data Vault 2.0 data modeling methodology and grow your career.
Responsibilities:
•	Assist in designing and implementing data warehousing solutions for HR data within the Microsoft Azure cloud environment using the Data Vault 2.0 data modeling methodology
•	Support the development and maintenance of data integration processes to ensure the accuracy and completeness of data in the data warehouse
•	Collaborate with the HR analytics team to understand their data requirements and assist in developing data solutions to meet those requirements
•	Assist in monitoring data warehousing performance and identifying opportunities for improvement
•	Contribute to the development and maintenance of data dictionaries, metadata, and other documentation
•	Assist in troubleshooting issues and performing root cause analysis to identify and resolve problems
•	Support the development and maintenance of automated processes to ensure data quality, consistency, and completeness
This is the general purpose about position: 
Develops new and maintain existing source code of  based applications in programming language like Java, ASP.Net or C#  based on requirements of  internal or external customers. These applications support usually automation of business processes. Works in project team on assigned  tasks / parts of the application (e.g. GUI front end, DB back end, import scripts, reporting services and related)  to develop and build application for customer usage. May requires senior developer’s support as mentor in design and implementation phase of software development  lifecycle. Wage (gross)1 000 - 1 600 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will be between 1000 - 1600€ /brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)Educational Specializationin Computer Science, Information Systems, or related fieldLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills•	1-2 years of experience in data warehousing and data integration is preferred, but not mandatory.
•	Familiarity with SQL is desirable. Knowledge of Microsoft Azure Cloud technology and its related services, such as Azure Data Factory and Azure Databricks is a plus, but not mandatory.
•	Ability to understand and interpret complex data and translate business requirements into technical solutions with the guidance of the senior team members.
•	Strong verbal and written communication skills to collaborate effectively with colleagues and stakeholders.
•	Interest in working in a Scrum environment and ability to learn and follow agile methodologies.
•	A desire to stay updated with new technologies, methodologies, and best practices in data warehousing.
•	Ability to work well in a team environment and take direction from senior team members.
•	Familiarity with Data Vault 2.0 methodology is a plus, but not mandatory. The company is willing to provide training for the right candidate who is eager to learn and expand their skills. Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Lenka KiššováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4553214 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  6.4.2023 
    2023-04-06
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Database Analyst, Frontend developer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
