Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Full-stack Developer (React) 
Senior Full-stack Developer (React)NESS KE, s.r.o.
Miesto práce
Práca z domu
Druh pracovného pomeru
plný úväzok
Termín nástupu
ASAP
Mzdové podmienky (brutto)
2 600 EUR/mesiacfrom 2600 € gross plus Benefits, the FINAL OFFER depends on the candidate's skills and experience
Informácie o pracovnom mieste Náplň práce, právomoci a zodpovednostiOur client is a consumer tech company with ❤ 
Together we’re on a mission to solve a human challenge we all face: finding great care for the ones we love. We’re moms and dads and pet owners. We have parents and grandparents, so we understand that everyone, at some point in their lives, could use a helping hand. Our culture and our products reflect that.  
Our client offers an array of services that enable families to find, manage and pay for care and provide employment opportunities for caregivers. Our engineering organization is reimagining our tech stacks and consolidating them to a single cloud native platform so we can test and learn faster.  
The new platform is composed of React, micro-frontends on Node and React, GraphQL, gRPC microservices and Lambdas in Go, Kafka streams, DynamoDB, Elasticsearch. We’re utilizing industry best practices and tools like OpenTelemetry, Splunk, Github, SignalFX, Figma, and others to make our lives easier.  
We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join the Technology team as a Senior or Experienced  Software Engineer. The candidate would join a small, agile team responsible for building a platform to support our community team.  
The candidate will be responsible for the analysis, design, programming, testing, documentation, and implementation of new product features. 
Our company offers a unique opportunity for front-end developers to work in a fast paced, agile environment with cutting edge technologies. Zamestnanecké výhody, benefity• Flexible working hours
• Home Office
• Extra Vacation days
• Holiday/homeoffice bonus
• Relax rooms
• Multisport card
• Technical courses, Certifications
• Worldwide IT Conferences
• Commercial partners discounts
• Ness Summer club – full-day summer program for children of our employees
• Referral Program – to refer new employee
• High-standard working conditions
• Geeky Fridays
• Massage Požiadavky na zamestnanca Pozícii vyhovujú uchádzači so vzdelanímstredoškolské s maturitou
nadstavbové/vyššie odborné vzdelanie
vysokoškolské I. stupňa
vysokoškolské II. stupňa
vysokoškolské III. stupňaJazykové znalostiAnglický jazyk - Stredne pokročilý (B2)Ostatné znalostiReactJS - PokročilýAmazon Web Services (AWS) - Mierne pokročilýGolang - ZákladyJavaScript - PokročilýPočet rokov praxe5 Inzerujúca spoločnosť Stručná charakteristika spoločnostiNess KDC was established in 2005 and is the flagship Software Delivery and Innovations Center of the Ness Digital Engineering corporation.
We provide digital transformation software services, product development and innovations to global customers in areas such as the automobile industry, intelligent transportation, internet of things, finance and banking, telematics, media and marketing, power and energy and big data and analytics.
Ness offers a unique mixture of several aspects and culture, which are highly valued by software engineers. We’ve got hundreds of attractive high-end projects and dozens of world-class brands as customers. We provide a long-term stable environment and the highest standards of employee’s welfare, with company culture supporting family life. We continue to be hungry for reaching further milestones, acknowledging we must build it on roots that we represent, but also continuing in constant and rapid change and adaptation. 
In the area of software engineering, it is our top-quality services, individual customer approach and ability to achieve targets which are most highly valued by our clients. Thanks to these, Ness Kosice enjoys long-term business relationships with its customers. Our teams of professionals first process and analyze client’s requirements; then, through cooperation with the client, they use the newest technology to fulfil these requirements in an “agile” environment.
Our glowing references and strong corporate background continuously attract the interest of new clients. As a result, Ness KDC is now one of the most important employers in the region with a workforce of more than 600 people. Počet zamestnancov500-999 zamestnancov KontaktKontaktná osoba: Mgr.  Dorota RepkovaTel.: +421911052144E-mail: poslať životopis Poslať spoločnosti životopis 
                    Odporučiť ponuku známemu
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4551250 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.4.2023 
    2023-04-03
lokalita: Práca z domu   Pozícia: Frontend programátor, Javascript programátor, Programátor, Softvérový inžinier   Spoločnosť: NESS KE, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 600 EUR/mesiac
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
