Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSolution Architect Digital Channels 
Pracovné pozície
O nás
Benefity
Kontakt
Pracovná ponuka
Solution Architect Digital Channels
Remote work
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
dohodou
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesTo strengthen our Architecture Team we are looking for a Solution Architect Digital ChannelsWhat to expect	Your role is to provide high quality and effective solution designs in the area of web and mobile development supporting multiple cross-functional development teams implementing in an agile way modern FE applications.	You are acting as the primary architectural contact in your designated area and you coordinate other supporting architects as needed.	You ensure conformance to planned architecture, technical quality of implementations, and fulfillment of non-functional requirements	Together with the development teams you continuously evolve our systems, reduce the IT complexity and optimize our IT landscape Wage (gross)2 300 EUR/monthSalary from 2300 EUR, 13th and 14th salary Employee perks, benefitsDo you prefer an early wake-up call or a morning lull? Thanks to flexible working hours, you can arrange your day to suit you at UNIQA GSC.For new colleagues, we not only have a warm welcome, but also a welcome package. Are you curious what it might contain?To help you eat healthy and plenty, we'll contribute € 6 for each lunch.We have to learn all our lives, but thanks to in-house language courses in German and English, plus a language certificate paid by your employer, it's a little easier. You can also develop yourself through a wide range of vocational training opportunities, which we are also happy to support.We won't touch your salary. On the contrary, we'll give you two raises. In fact, we guarantee a 13th and 14th salary for all our GSC employees.You don't have to worry about a decent pension. We contribute to the third pillar of the supplementary pension savings for our employees. And to make sure you don't get injured, we'll also provide you with accident insurance for the whole year.It's always nice to meet and chat with colleagues outside of work. That's why we regularly organise events for employees such as a Christmas party, a summer celebration, a sports day and various trips.Not only our employees, but also their family will enjoy themselves. Children's Day, St. Nicholas Day, summer camps and many other benefits are a matter of course.If you are a sports enthusiast, you will surely be pleased with the Multisport card, with which you can work out, swim or relax in the sauna anywhere in Slovakia. Information about the selection processYour personal data is processed in accordance with the Privacy Policy of UNIQA Group Service Center Slovakia, spol. s r.o., which can be found on our website.Link: https://www.uniqa-gsc.sk/podmienky-ochrany-osobnych-udajov Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Driving licenceB Personality requirements and skillsWe expect	To fulfill the purpose of this function you have an expert knowledge of concept development and documentation of IT-Architecture	You have a broad overview of state-of-the-art architectural methodologies, techniques and technologies	You are a specialist in Java and JavaScript technologies/frameworks	You have at least 3-5 years of experience in the implementation and integration of IT products in an enterprise environment	English verbal and written communication skills are a must	Experience in building cloud native applications and using modern technologies is a plus	Experience in providing architectural support for agile teams is a plusThe successful candidate will have the following UNIQA Group competences:	Ability to solve problems: You identify and understand problems to develop a solution and take action	Costumer orientation: Your solutions are tailor-made for specific needs	Integrity and trust: You are hands-on and trustworthy	Team player mentality: You are ready to help and support colleagues Advertiser Brief description of the companyUNIQA Group Service Center Slovakia, spol. s r.o.UNIQA Group Service Center Slovakia, spol. s r.o.,  je dcérskou spoločnosťou rakúskeho poisťovacieho koncernu UNIQA Group Austria. Firma sa člení na úseky Software Service (SWS), Cross-Border Service (CBS) a Back Office Service (BOS).Prioritnou činnosťou úseku SWS je vývoj a údržba softvéru pre komerčné poisťovne patriace do skupiny UNIQA. Koncentruje sa najmä na systém INAS, ktorý je určený pre správu portfólia poistných produktov, poistných zmlúv a poistných udalostí, klientských, partnerských a účtovných údajov. V posledných rokoch sa dostáva do popredia vývoj moderných webových aplikácií nadväzujúcich na systém INAS.Úsek CBS, ktorý vznikol v roku 2006, sa zaoberá správou poistných zmlúv a likvidáciou poistných udalostí klientov rakúskeho poisťovacieho koncernu. Number of employees500-999 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Simona JanekE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4534244 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  5.4.2023 
    2023-04-05
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: IT Architect, Javascript Programmer   Spoločnosť: UNIQA Group Service Center Slovakia, spol. s r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
