Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceQA Software Engineer - debug specialist  Можливість для людей з України
Nokia
Open positions
What we offer
Contact
QA Software Engineer - debug specialist
Place of work: Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)What we doCome create the technology that helps the world act together.
Nokia is committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed and cloud networks. Your career here will have a positive impact on people’s lives and will help us build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable, and inclusive world. We challenge ourselves to create an inclusive way of working where we are open to new ideas, empowered to take risks and fearless to bring our authentic selves to work.
As Nokia’s growth engine, we create value for communication service providers and enterprise customers by leading the transition to cloud-native software and as-a-service delivery models. Our inclusive team of dreamers, doers and disruptors push the limits from impossible to possible.
            What are your job dutiesAs a Debug specialist in test, you will become a part of our world-class product development. You will be a part of a team responsible for a smooth and efficient run of automated regression test runs as well as test environment improvements. Multiple testing activities are including, but not limited to functional, scale and regression testing, which are crucial for quality of our products. It is expected to bring new ideas to improve testing and quality of our releases. You will play a key role to keep and increase quality of our products and thus to increase customer satisfaction.Your main tasks will be: Debug failing regression test Maintain regression tests Analyze failing test cases, provide proposals for fixes and implement the fixes Understand definition and implementation of debugged features Adapt existing regression tests to new functionality needs Cooperate with test development teams
What we are looking forWe are looking for test developers on all seniority levels (0-10 years of experience) with programming background. The key is a passion in debugging and finding bugs.Main requirements: Analytical thinking and passion in software debugging Creativity in software debugging, finding bugs and problem solving Passion in scripting and algorithm Experience in scripting (any of BASH, TCL, Python or other) Understanding of protocol concept Advanced Linux user University degree Fluent English – verbal and writtenOnly CVs in English will be considered for the selection process.In case you would like to work with us, please apply through the following link:https://careers.nokia.com/jobs/qa-software-engineer-debug-specialist-85545
            What we offer·	Wage (gross): from 2000 EUR/month with completed master’s degree·	Financial contributions, such as life insurance, private health care, private pension plan - 3rd pillar retirement savings, salary compensation during illness leave (PN), life events (marriage, childbirth/adoption), meal allowance above the law·	Time benefits, such as 3 sick days, extra 5 days off, flexible working time and hybrid way of working (2 days office, 3 days home-office)·	Development benefits, a variety of learning, project & career opportunities·	Besides these, we are offering a casual & innovative culture, free refreshments & fruits in the workspace and for sure, the excitement of having an impact across the most important internet companies.
Apply online
ID: 4391536 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  20.4.2023 
    2023-04-20
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Tester, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Nokia Slovakia, a.s.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
