Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Database Programmer 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Senior Database ProgrammerDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            040 11 Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2500 € /brutto.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesYour job would be to further development of existing tools for the automation of planning in the fiber optic network environment. The main tasks are maintenance and expansion of the database as well as the operation of the servers. Suitable software developers are sought for the further development and operation of these tools.
Key accountabilities
    • Programming of REST interfaces (ORDS: Oracle Rest Data Services)
    • Design and development of database-driven scripts to implement business requirements
    • Creating/expanding database tables and providing views for different users
    • Analysis of the requirements and communication with internal stakeholders
    • Problem and incident management: problem analysis and problem solving
    • Development according to Agile methodology – SCRUM
    • Creation of technical documentation
    • Documentation of the programmed code in GIT
    • Performing performance analyses via Zabbix
    • Examples of errors that occur are:
    1. Performance problems
    2. incorrectly generated result files (missing paths/key figures)
    3. connection errors to the server.
Purpose 
Senior Software Solution Designer for application development is responsible for end to end solutions for customer’s demand with respect to different options on market, available internal systems, and Deutsche Telekom standards. Holder of the position is responsible to be part of the scrum team as the highest priority to drive business in order to bring value for customer. Wage (gross)2 500 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2500 € /brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsIT Technical Skills
    • Oracle Database / PL / SQL / Postgres
    • Linux
    • Programming – Advanced
    • Scripting – Advanced
Other criteria or requirements
    • Several years of experience working in IT industry preferably with enterprise level application
    • Advanced SQL knowledge
    • Advanced skills in integrating systems and applications
    • Advanced experience with programming/scripting
    • Willingness to learn and teach new technologies
    • Being self-motivated and organized
    • Solid communication skills (oral and written)
  Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Iveta PribulováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4531489 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  31.3.2023 
    2023-03-31
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Database Administrator, Database Analyst, Network and Service Operation Specialist, Oracle Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
