Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceStrong Middle WordPress Developer 
Strong Middle WordPress DeveloperAltamira Softworks, s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, part-time
Wage (gross)
1 500 - 2 500 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAltamira.ai is a digital transformation company providing consulting services, including innovative strategies and bespoke technology solutions, that unlocks the full potential of Scale-Up organizations across the world. 
Altamira.ai is headquartered in Bratislava (Slovakia) and uses design thinking and innovative technologies to develop digital solutions to help our customers. Through its subsidiaries in Slovakia and Ukraine, the company is a sought-after business partner with a world-class team of talented professionals. Altamira.ai is backed by SARS Capital.
We do believe that the success of altamira.ai is impossible without the success of our Talents and the success of our Clients!
We are looking for a WordPress Developer who would be able to join the cinematography company that deals with film and cinema as such in a comprehensive manner. The project is about creation and merging of several websites under one roof.
No limitation for location, but as the project is for slovak company, we would prefer candidates who can speak/understand Slovak/Czech language or has a really good knowledge of English
Requirements
Good knowledge of Wordpress CMS and WooCommerce plugin
Experience with PHP
Knowledge of  HTML/CSS/JS/ JQuery
Databases: MySQL/PostgreSQLL
REST API development practice
Experience with 3rd party integrations - payment gateways
SEO
Git - GitLAB / GIthub
Upper- Intermediate English
Nice-to-have
Experience with Docker
Experience with Data Migration
Experience with XML formats, HTML scrapping, RegExp
Responsibilities
Development of Wordpress websites following WordPress Guidelines and Best Practices
Backend programming in PHP and Frontend programming
Providing estimation and reporting of the assigned tasks
Writing robust, testable and easily maintainable code
We offer:
— Competitive salary, room for development and growth;
— Possibility to work in Bratislava or Kyiv office or fully remotely;
— Loyal management, interesting tasks, constant support;
— Medical insurance;
— Paid vacations 20 workdays, paid sick leave, regular salary reviews;
— Flexible schedule and ability to manage your working hours;
— Support of your personal growth and skills upgrading;
— The great environment inside the team, support of initiatives, ability to contribute to the common goal.
We are proud of our teammates. Among our employees, it’s easy to find speakers of international conferences, technology gurus, certified architects, and a lot of talented people. We are trying to build self-organized teams that are focused on personal and professional growth. That is why in altamira.ai we clearly state: for growth, you need to learn and you need to educate. Each engineer after the probation period can request a mentor who does care about education, supports with promotion, and makes your career development smoother. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsSlovak - Proficiency (C2) and English - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyAltamira is a digital transformation company providing consulting services, including innovative strategies and bespoke technology solutions, that unlocks the full potential of Scale-Up organizations across the world. Headquartered in Bratislava (Slovakia) with offices in Ukraine, we are a sought-after business partner with a world-class team of talented professionals. We are proud of our teammates. Among our employees, it’s easy to find public speakers, technology gurus, certified architects, and a whole host of talented people. We are building empowered, self-organized teams that are focused on personal and professional growth, and who share our customer obsession.
https://www.altamira.ai/ Number of employees25-49 employees ContactContact person: M.S.C.S.  Anastasiia AsieievaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4532824 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.4.2023 
    2023-04-03
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Frontend developer   Spoločnosť: Altamira Softworks, s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
