Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceEmbedded C Senior Software Engineer for Michalovce  Можливість для людей з України
BSH Home Appliances Group
» Možno sa zajtra z domácej práce stane hra. «
CristinaCorporate Innovation
BSH Home Appliances Group
» Možno zajtra budú naše výrobky centrom spoločenského života. «
CharlotteDigital Transition
BSH Home Appliances Group
» Možno kuchyňa zajtra bude vedieť, čo by som si dal na večeru. «
SebastianTrainee Sales
BSH Home Appliances Group
» Možno už zajtra nám roboty pomôžu rozvíjať nové zručnosti. «
DominicFactory Cooking Production Setting
Menu
O nás
Čo ponúkame
Voľné pozície
Kontakt
Embedded C Senior Software Engineer for Michalovce
Place of work
Michalovce
Contract type
full-time
Start date
by agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/monthUpper limit will be precisely evaluated and its based on experience of candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties	Deliver high-quality C code for embedded systems in project or product based development	Follow corporate coding rules and MISRA 2012 standard	Verify code functionality by proper debugging and testing	Participate in code reviews and team workshops	Create documentation to serve as a reference for our customers as well as to simplify future development and maintenance of code	Provide additional support to our customers if needed	Bring your own ideas to improve existing development process and the software itself Employee perks, benefits	13th salary, loyalty rewards and end of year rewards	Access to wide range of social benefits via Benefit plus card	Special employee’s discount program for Bosch and Siemens home appliances	Supplementary pension contribution	Referral bonus	Flexible working time	7.5 hour work day	Home office	Additional free days in case of selected personal/family events beyond existing labor law	Trainings and development opportunities (hard and soft skills trainings, language courses, product trainings…)	Exhibitions visits (e.g. IFA, Embedded World etc…)	Team building events Information about the selection processTogether with your CV, send us a job application or motivation letter and a copy of the highest education certificate!University education not mandatory, but appropriate experiences are needed.We will only contact candidates that are suitable for this position. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationComputer Science, Electro-Engineering or Physics, or appropriate experience in embedded SW developmentLanguage skillsEnglish - Intermediate (B1)Driving licenceB Experience in the position/sectormin. 5 yearsNumber of years of experience5Personality requirements and skills	Knowledge of ANSI C language in embedded environment with Make processes	Familiarity with microcontroller architecture and common microcontroller peripherals (e.g. UART, SPI, I2C, timers, ADC, DMA…)	Ability to deliver clean and well documented code with emphasis on efficiency and maintainability	Experience with configuration management and requirements engineering is advantage (e.g. Git, Jira, Polarion…)	Basic understanding of the fundamentals of electronic circuit theory	Experience with V-model/Agile methods, UML/SYSML is appreciated	BLDC motor control theory understanding is advantage	Ability to work in team as well as individually according to current requirements	Flexibility and willingness to adapt to the new practices and to learn new technologies	University education not mandatory, but appropriate experiences are needed. Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur company (https://www.bsh-group.com) is the subsidiary of the largest manufacturer of home appliances in Europe and one of the leading companies in the sector worldwide. Our portfolio includes global brands like Bosch, Siemens, Neff and other local brands (https://www.bsh-group.com). Number of employees500-999 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Marcela KováčováTel.: +421566417472E-mail: send CV 
Sme členom skupiny
 Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4203306 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  31.3.2023 
    2023-03-31
lokalita: Michalovce   Pozícia: C Programmer, C++ Programmer, Electrical Engineer, Electronics Electrician, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: BSH Drives and Pumps s.r.o., člen skupiny BOSCH   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
