Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Developer for Automation SSC (JAVA) 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Software Developer for Automation SSC (JAVA)Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Start date
                            ASAP
                                Wage (gross)
2 000 - 2 650 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable. 
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2000 EUR brutto.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesSoftware Developer works within SCRUM team, to develop, design and implement of new or modified software products or ongoing business projects. Target of development is automation of business processes and cross platform automation. Holder of the position handles all phases of software development lifecycle, especially for small or midsize solutions. Follow agreed methodology steps and rituals and take responsibility for produced code to independently deliver functional solution with team. Share knowledge with less experience colleagues. Document and share best practices. Constantly work on self-development and follow industry trends.
Accountabilities
•	Development of the complex IT systems/applications
•	Analysis of the requirements and communication with internal stakeholders
•	Use agreed programing language or tools to develop automation solutions.
•	Development according to Agile methodology – SCRUM
•	Creation of technical documentation
•	Creative approach within complex solution and technology used
•	Active participation on research & development projects
•	Work closely with other developers, UX designers, business and systems analysts on implementation and testing of the developed solution
•	Train users Wage (gross)2 000 - 2 650 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable. 
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2000 EUR brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Number of years of experience3Personality requirements and skills•	Agile Methods
•	Application Development (Object-Oriented)
•	Programming
•	Software Development
•	Scrum
•	SAFe
•	Several years of experience working in IT industry
•	Advanced experience with programming and application design
•	Intermediate SQL knowledge
•	Good skills in integrating systems and applications
•	Good experience with VCS and building tools
•	Good understanding of Cloud systems, DevOps concepts and tooling
•	Ability to work both individually and in team
•	Willingness to learn and teach new technologies
•	Being self-motivated and organized
•	Solid communication skills (oral and written), and willingness to develop them further
•	Experience communicating directly with customer
•	Good understanding of IT infrastructure at different layers, like hardware, software, operating systems, middleware, networking …
Additional requirements for JAVA developer: 
•	Good knowledge of Java SE (Java 8 and newer), including OOP principles and design patterns
•	Good experience with Spring or Spring boot or Enterprise JavaBeans
•	Good experience with JPA-based frameworks
•	Good experience with REST or SOAP
•	Good experience with VCS and building tools (preferably git and maven) Advertiser Brief description of the companyDeutsche Telekom IT & Telecommunications Slovakia s.r.o. is one of the two legal entities promoted under one brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia. Our parent company Deutsche Telekom AG decided to take strategic steps towards structural change, which resulted in the splitting of T-Systems Slovakia into two legal entities, operating, as of July 1, 2020.
Our original brand T-Systems Slovakia has been inextricably linked with Kosice region since January 2006. We proved this the very next year, when we became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley association.
Over the last decade, we have managed to grow from scratch to being the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country. At the same time, with more than 3,900 employees, we are one of the top fifteen largest employers in Slovakia. Thanks to our highly qualified and motivated employees, we are the company with the fastest growth in added value within the IT industry in Slovakia. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Alžbeta ButkayovaE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4321331 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  31.3.2023 
    2023-03-31
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
