Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceLead Angular Developer 
Lead Angular DeveloperQORPO s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 500 EUR/monthFinal salary depends on candidate seniority and experience.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesLooking for a job of your dreams? QORPO Game Studio is the ultimate destination for talented people who want to bring their skills to the next level, all while working in a modern and friendly environment.
Our team of game developers, amazing artists and great marketers is passionate about creating immersive experiences that captivate players and keep them coming back for more. And with our state-of-the-art studio equipped with the latest technology, you'll have everything you need to bring your ideas to life.
Now we are looking for Angular developer.
As a lead developer on our team, you are responsible for driving towards sound implementation and timely delivery. All together in collaboration with a small team of developers and UI designers according to product requirements defined by a product manager. This team will be responsible for implementing product changes as well as automated tests when appropriate. All work must follow the team's development workflow including use of source control, code reviews and clear documentation. 
What will you do:
  - Design technical solutions for complex web aplication platform
  - Accurately estimate effort and deliver quality solutions aligned with requirements
  - Lead by example across engineering excellence, testing, and quality
  - Involve in code reviews, standup meetings, sprint planning and retrospectives
  - Write or co-author technical specifications, requirements, and coding standards
  - Mentor junior developers
Our requirements: 
  - +5 years of proven experience in delivering quality websites
  - Must have experience with web applications architecture
  - Proven success with distributed (multi-tiered) systems or microservices
  - Hands-on experience writing responsive layouts
  - Solid understanding of Agile methodologies
  - Experience relying on unit testing in a continuous integration environment
Good to Have:
  - Experience in porting angular web application to mobile platform
  - Experience with Angular SEO friendly webpages
  - Any back-end development experience Information about the selection processWe will only contact applicants who meet our criteria the best. Thank you for your understanding. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Number of years of experience5Personality requirements and skills- sharp eye for detail and quality 
- strong teamwork ethic and positive mindset 
- ability to meet a deadline 
- perseverance, self-initiative, and independence Advertiser Brief description of the companyQORPO Game Studio is one of the leading independent AAA games development studios with an international team of talented individuals working from offices located in Slovakia, and from all over the world thanks to our remote work programs. 
Founded in 2018 we made our mark on the Blockchain genre with titles such as TRM , Crypto Citizen etc. We are one of the most experienced Unreal Engine studios in the industry and we are expanding it every day.
But QORPO Game Studio isn't just about the work - we know how to have a good time too! Whether it's playing game tournaments in our meeting room, celebrating important days and milestones together, or simply enjoying the company of your talented colleagues, you'll feel like part of the family in no time.
We believe in taking care of our team members. That's why we offer a comprehensive benefits program that includes perks like multisport memberships, free Monday lunches, and sessions with our happiness officer. Plus, we have a referral program that rewards you for bringing talented individuals to our team…
So if you're ready to take your career to new heights, look no further than QORPO Game Studio. Join our team of like-minded individuals and help us create the next big thing in gaming! Apply now to become part of our amazing community. ContactContact person: Antonín ŠímaTel.: +421944436020E-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4528767 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  30.3.2023 
    2023-03-30
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Frontend developer   Spoločnosť: QORPO s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
