Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceDistributed Control Systems Lead 
Distributed Control Systems LeadBlueprint Power Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Kominárska 1552/3A, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
5 000 EUR/monthdepends on seniority and skills of the candidate / annual bonus can be provided
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesDaily Job and Responsibility
1. Lead a team of DCS engineers and provide technical guidance and mentorship on best practices and know-how.
2. Work across the entire Software Development Lifecycle (SDL) as Distributed Control Systems (DCS) Lead by determining and designing system specifications, requirements, documentation, standards, reviews, and software implementation.
3. Design, develop, and test software for industrial IoT applications while writing efficient, reliable, and maintainable code in a containerized environment.
4. Work with cross-functional teams to integrate hardware and software components into the final product.
5. Share knowledge and best practices across the organization and promote a culture of innovation and continuous improvement.
6. Debug, troubleshoot, and optimize existing systems to ensure proper operation and efficiency and work with engineers to identify problems in the existing solutions and software stack.
7. Stay up-to-date with industry standards and emerging technologies, and evaluate and recommend new tools and approaches as appropriate.
8. Work with the security team to ensure that systems are secure and comply with relevant policies and standards.
9. Manage team and schedule, and ensure that tasks are delivered on time and within the scope:
a) Estimate efforts needed for feature development, deployment, and maintenance of all the team members.
b) Estimate multiple projects' efforts at the planning phase considering workforce capability.
c) Manage the workforce tasks to achieve delivery of planned functionality within negotiated deadlines.
d) Track status progress, schedule, and resource allocation, and escalate any issues that may delay project delivery.
e) Prepare sprint reviews and handle sprint meetings and planning.
f) Perform regular check-in meetings with the team members (1:1).
10. Help and support Senior Lead and organization to:
a) Propose, design, plan, and prioritize projects.
b) Identify process improvement opportunities within the organization.
c) Align projects and initiatives to BPP’s business goals and customer journey.
11. Coordinate with the other Team Leads & Senior Leads on the state of the work, prioritization, and planning.
12. Work and perform other tasks under the Senior Lead's direction and supervision. Employee perks, benefitsHybrid Work or Full-time Remote Work
Flexible Working Hours
Reimbursement for Trainings
Reimbursement for Certification Exams
Reimbursement for Conferences
Travel Allowance for Remote Workers
Benefits by Working On-site
Sick Days - up to five additional paid sick days per year
Extra days off for wedding, childbirth, return from hospital
Team Buildings and Office Parties Information about the selection processIn case of questions you can reach us through [email protected]
Selection process would be provided through Lever.Expected date of completion of the selection process29 April 2023 (there are still 9 more days) Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Educational Specializationinformation technology, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics and other IT disciplinesLanguage skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Experience in the position/sector5Number of years of experience5Personality requirements and skillsRelevant skills, knowledge or experience 
- University degree or 5+ years work experience in relevant fields like information technology, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics and other IT disciplines.
- Strong leadership skills, including the ability to mentor and manage a diverse team of software engineers, and other  professionals.
- Strong python design and development skills including Django framework & Celery.
- Structured software development experience including agile software development processes.
- Ability to translate stakeholder needs into technical requirements, decompose them into issue reports, develop validation and verification plans, and deliver results including estimation of work needed.
- Ability to design scalable, performant, and resilient software applications based on business and technical requirements often within an existing tech stack.
- Strong background in Linux/Unix administration.
- Good communication ability with vendors or technical support to resolve issues with 3rd parties or in the field.
- Knowledge of communication protocols such as MQTT, CoAP, HTTP, and message brokers.
- Understanding of network protocols and technologies, such as TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP, and HTTPS, and how to troubleshoot them.
- Familiarity with real-time operating systems, such as RTOS, FreeRTOS, and others.
- Familiarity with Fleet management platforms for IoT devices (OTAs, OS updates, Configuration Management).
Understanding of industrial protocols and SCADA systems such as Modbus, CAN, Mbus, DNP3, Ethernet/IP, RS-232/485, Bluetooth, LPWAN, and others.
- Experience working with SCM (git) and platforms like GitLab or GitHub to collaborate with other team members effectively.
- Experience in the energy industry, industrial/IoT protocols, distributed control systems, or cybersecurity.
- Strong problem-solving skills and ability to analyze & troubleshoot complex systems.
- Ability to present and communicate results to technical and non-technical audiences.
- Proven ability to learn quickly and works well both independently and in a (distributed) team setting. Advertiser Brief description of the companyProjects we will work on together
Blueprint Power as a NY based company transforms the energy profile of the built environment, creating new revenue opportunities while reducing the carbon footprint for its customers. We work with buildings of all types - office, multi-family, retail, and others. Our energy transformation platform tracks energy usage and carbon output in real-time, continually optimizes energy consumption with onsite and grid power sources, and increases the value and flexibility of the built environment with a greener strategy. Number of employees20-24 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Michaela HercegovaTel.: +421915722855E-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4549353 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  30.3.2023 
    2023-03-30
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Manager, Programmer, Python Programmer, Software Engineer, Systems Engineer   Spoločnosť: Blueprint Power Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 5 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
