Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceCloud Systems Engineer - Senior 
    Reagujte bez životopisu
Cloud Systems Engineer - SeniorBlueprint Power Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Kominárska 1552/3A, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
4 000 - 5 000 EUR/monthdepends on seniority and skills of the candidate / annual bonus can be provided
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesDaily Job and Responsibility
1. Work across the entire Software Development Lifecycle (SDL) as Cloud Systems (CS) Engineer by determining and designing system specifications, requirements, documentation, standards, reviews, and software implementation.
2. Design, develop, and test software for IoT applications while writing efficient, reliable, and maintainable code in a containerized environment.
3. Implement RESTful APIs & services to support the business requirements and integrate with third-party services.
4. Work with cross-functional teams to integrate software services into the final product.
5. Debug, troubleshoot, and optimize existing systems to ensure proper operation and efficiency and work with engineers to identify problems in the existing solutions and software stack.
6. Mentor junior team members and improve & share knowledge and best practices across the team.
7. Implement security measures to protect sensitive data and ensure the privacy of users.
8. Work with the security team to ensure that systems are secure and comply with relevant policies and standards.
9. Stay up-to-date with industry standards and emerging technologies, and evaluate and recommend new tools and approaches as appropriate. Employee perks, benefitsHybrid Work or Full-time Remote Work
Flexible Working Hours
Reimbursement for Trainings
Reimbursement for Certification Exams
Reimbursement for Conferences
Travel Allowance for Remote Workers
Benefits by Working On-site
Sick Days - up to five additional paid sick days per year
Extra days off for wedding, childbirth, return from hospital
Team Buildings and Office Parties Information about the selection processIn case of questions you can reach us through [email protected]
Selection process would be provided through Lever.Expected date of completion of the selection process29 April 2023 (there are still 9 more days) Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Educational Specializationinformation technology, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics and other IT disciplinesLanguage skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Experience in the position/sector3Number of years of experience3Personality requirements and skillsRelevant skills, knowledge or experience 
- Strong experience with Python, Django & Celery frameworks, and working with time-series data.
- Structured software development experience including agile software development processes.
- Experience with relational databases and SQL language  (PostgreSQL, MySQL, or similar).
- Experience working with Event pipelines, Message Brokers, and Cache Mechanisms (RabbitMQ, Redis, or similar).
- Knowledge of RESTful API design and development, as well as experience integrating with third-party APIs.
- Experience working with containerization technologies (Docker, Podman, Kaniko, or similar), and container orchestrations (Kubernetes,...).
- Experience working with cloud platforms, such as AWS, GCP, or Azure.
- Familiarity with Linux/Unix administration, and experience using Linux systems such as Debian, Ubuntu, or others.
- Experience with Unit tests, Integration tests, and End-to-End Tests in backend applications.
- Experience working with SCM (git) and platforms like GitHub or GitLab to collaborate with other team members effectively.
- Understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks or other web frameworks.
- Knowledge of HTTP, Websocket, MQTT protocols, and data serialization formats.
- Strong problem-solving skills and ability to analyze & troubleshoot complex systems.
- Proven ability to learn quickly and works well both independently and in a (distributed) team setting.
- Experience in the energy industry, industrial/IoT protocols, distributed control systems, or cybersecurity would be preferable. Advertiser Brief description of the companyProjects we will work on together
Blueprint Power as a NY based company transforms the energy profile of the built environment, creating new revenue opportunities while reducing the carbon footprint for its customers. We work with buildings of all types - office, multi-family, retail, and others. Our energy transformation platform tracks energy usage and carbon output in real-time, continually optimizes energy consumption with onsite and grid power sources, and increases the value and flexibility of the built environment with a greener strategy. Number of employees20-24 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Michaela HercegovaTel.: +421915722855E-mail: send CV You can react to this job without sending your CV. It is sufficient to send a request to the company.Send a request to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4548246 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  29.3.2023 
    2023-03-29
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Backend developer, Programmer, Python Programmer, Software Engineer, Systems Engineer   Spoločnosť: Blueprint Power Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 4 000 EUR/month
Poslať žiadosť spoločnostiOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
