Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceHuman-machine Interface Engineer - Senior 
    Reagujte bez životopisu
Human-machine Interface Engineer - SeniorBlueprint Power Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Kominárska 1552/3A, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
asap
Wage (gross)
4 500 EUR/monthdepends on seniority and skills of the candidate / annual bonus can be provided
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesDaily Job and Responsibility
1. Work across the entire Software Development Lifecycle (SDL) as Human Machine Interface (HMI) Engineer by determining and designing system specifications, documentation, requirements, standards, and software implementation.
2. Develop front-end applications and features while writing efficient, reliable, maintainable code, and build reusable UI components and libraries for future use.
3. Visualize time series data in charts, graphs, and other interactive representations to help users easily understand and interact with the data.
4. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement interfaces, data structures, and visualizations for a variety of use cases.
5. Debug, troubleshoot, and optimize existing systems to ensure proper operation and efficiency and work with engineers to identify problems in the existing solutions and software stack.
6. Mentor junior team members and improve & share knowledge and best practices across the team.
7. Stay up-to-date with industry standards and emerging technologies, and evaluate and recommend new tools and approaches as appropriate.
8. Contribute to the continuous improvement of the company's data visualization capabilities.
9. Work with the security team to ensure that systems are secure and comply with relevant policies and standards.
10. Coordinate with the Team Lead & Senior Leads on the state of the work, prioritization, and planning.
11. Work under the Team Lead & Senior Leads' direction and supervision. Employee perks, benefitsHybrid Work or Full-time Remote Work
Flexible Working Hours
Reimbursement for Trainings
Reimbursement for Certification Exams
Reimbursement for Conferences
Travel Allowance for Remote Workers
Benefits by Working On-site
Sick Days - up to five additional paid sick days per year
Extra days off for wedding, childbirth, return from hospital
Team Buildings and Office Parties Information about the selection processIn case of questions you can reach us through [email protected]
Selection process would be provided through Lever.Expected date of completion of the selection process30 April 2023 (there are still 10 more days) Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Educational Specializationinformation technology, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics and other IT disciplinesLanguage skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Other knowledgeReactJS - AdvancedExperience in the position/sector3Number of years of experience3Personality requirements and skillsRelevant skills, knowledge or experience: 
- A Bachelor's degree or Master's degree or 3+ years of work experience in relevant fields like information technology, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics and other IT disciplines
- Three+ years of experience in Frontend development including web and mobile applications.
- Strong proficiency in designing and implementing React.js Frontend applications.
- Structured software development experience including agile software development processes.
- Deep understanding of JS/TypeScript and CSS language and active use in Frontend applications.
- Experience with data visualization frameworks to show data in interactive customized graphs. (D3.js, Visx, or similar)
- Working experience with the unit, integration, and E2E tests for ReactJS applications.
- Understanding of network protocols and technologies, such as TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP/S, and Websockets.
- Understanding of data visualization design principles and the ability to create visually appealing charts.
- Knowledge of front-end security best practices such as preventing cross-site scripting (XSS) and cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks.
- Securing applications from unauthorized access via industry standard technologies (OAuth, JWT authentication, and session management).
- Experience working with SCM (git) and platforms like GitLab or GitHub to collaborate with other team members effectively.
- Experience with modern front-end development tools, such as Webpack, Babel, and ESLint.
- Knowledge of REST APIs, OpenAPI specifications, and ability to work with back-end engineers.
- Familiarity with map visualization experience, and interactive map widgets.
- Strong problem-solving skills and ability to analyze & troubleshoot complex systems.
- Proven ability to learn quickly and works well both independently and in a (distributed) team setting.
- Experience in the Energy/Industrial/IoT frontend applications and visualizations. Advertiser Brief description of the companyProjects we will work on together
Blueprint Power as a NY based company transforms the energy profile of the built environment, creating new revenue opportunities while reducing the carbon footprint for its customers. We work with buildings of all types - office, multi-family, retail, and others. Our energy transformation platform tracks energy usage and carbon output in real-time, continually optimizes energy consumption with onsite and grid power sources, and increases the value and flexibility of the built environment with a greener strategy. Number of employees20-24 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Michaela HercegovaTel.: +421915722855E-mail: send CV You can react to this job without sending your CV. It is sufficient to send a request to the company.Send a request to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4549808 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  31.3.2023 
    2023-03-31
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Frontend developer, Javascript Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Blueprint Power Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 4 500 EUR/month
Poslať žiadosť spoločnostiOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
