Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Python Developer  Можливість для людей з України
Senior Python DeveloperNeCaSo s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
immediately
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAre you looking for new technological challenges, interesting projects, inspirational colleagues and an informal working environment?
We would like to strengthen our team and we are looking for new colleague who will be responsible for participating in the development of the architecture and design of the new platform, close cooperation with the Architect and the RND team, diagnosing complex problems, evaluating, recommending and implementing the best solution, writing and maintaining detailed system documentation.
Let´s create cool products together! Employee perks, benefits• home-office possibility
• flexible working hours
• competitive salary with regular reviews
• conferences or other forms of education
• fruit, coffee, tea to keep your mind and body fresh
• team-buildings
• in case of sick leave we guarantee 100% of the salary for up to 4 weeks
• informal and relaxed working environment 
• great team of professionals and cool people Information about the selection processWe’ll be happy to meet you in person. Please send your CV to [email protected] Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1) and Ukrainian - Advanced (C1)Experience in the position/sector7+ years of practical experience in development with PythonPersonality requirements and skills- at least 5 years of experience and basic knowledge of Django, including forms, REST framework, models/ORM, repositories, compressor, templates, migrations and unit tests
- experience with microservice architecture - knowledge of containerization and experience with Docker and Kubernetes, in particular AWS
- cloud deployment experience through CI/CD continuous integration
- experience with relational databases and various data formats and technologies (with Postgresql, MariaDB, MongoDB)
- experience with 10K+ TPS services, databases with over billion rows
- experience in code review, CI/CD, automated testing
- knowledge of software design: OOD, OOP, design patterns
- experience with message queues, task queues
We appreciate honesty, friendliness, positive attitude and independence. Advertiser Brief description of the companyNeCaSo s.r.o. is a premium developer of software solutions for top land-based and online providers in the gaming industry. 
Knowledge is our biggest asset. 
Our company consists of highly experienced professionals developing software of the highest quality. Striving for continuous innovation, education and technical improvement is our natural desire. 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding and on time quality results for our customers to improve their competitive edge, shape their ideas and bring them to life. 
We are proud of designing and developing our games in-house. Our aim is to bring new quality into the existing market. We deliver a unique gaming experience with every new product. People want to play our games non stop!
We value quality, education, openness and enjoy dynamic and inspiring collaboration with our partners. ContactContact person: Barbara Kubinová BokesováE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4550236 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  1.4.2023 
    2023-04-01
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: NeCaSo s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
