Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceC# developer  
C# developer Visma Labs s.r.o.
Place of work
Štúrova 27, Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 400 EUR/monthSalary offer starting from 2400€ brutto /month . It is based on your experience and knowledge. You can work on-site in Košice or remotely.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesHello, our potential colleague!
Work with us on real product for real people.
For our Norwegian product Flyt we are seeking an experienced C# developer who will take part in developing our new and user-friendly web based solution for municipal health care services in Norway. 
We are in an early phase of developing a new cloud based solution, which shall replace the existing on-prem solution Visma Omsorg Profil, used by the health care service in more than 200 Norwegian municipalities today.
As a developer you can expect to be working with challenging tasks and projects in a complex application, together with supportive and highly engaged colleagues :)
Product Tech stack:
.NET, .NET Core, C#, Docker, Typescript, Angular, ASP.NET Web API, REST, RabbitMQ, Redis, TeamCity, Octopus, Graylog, AppDynamics, MariaDB, Specflow, Selenium WebDriver.
Would you like to know more?
Let us know! We will be glad to invite you for a coffee/beer and talk about Visma, our life in Visma, and what can be your mission here. Employee perks, benefitsWhat you get in return:
⦁ Even though we offer work from home for an unlimited amount of days it is more of a standard in Visma than a benefit
⦁ Lunch vouchers in the amount of 5,50 eur/working day with 100% employers coverage
⦁ 3 sick days per year
⦁ 3 extra days of vacation
⦁ Shared parking space
⦁ YDD (Your Development Day) - 1 day a month during which you can do whatever you want for your own education and growth - no task needed to be done that day :)
⦁ Social events, parties, various sessions, game nights, tournaments and so on a regular basis.
At Visma, we have friendly and supportive company culture and we will do our best to make you feel welcome. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationITLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeC# - Advanced.NET - AdvancedExperience in the position/sector.NET DeveloperNumber of years of experience3Personality requirements and skills⦁ We are looking for English speaking developer familiar with web application development.
⦁ Having at least 3 years of experience in product development in .NET.
⦁ Knowledge of Angular is an advantage. Advertiser Brief description of the companyVisma has a strong presence in the Nordic, Baltic and Dutch segment where we have achieved good segment positions, high brand awareness and operational efficiencies. Visma’s ambition is to be a national and regional leader in the markets we operate. Visma has 800,000 customers, 8000 employees, and EUR 1,460 M in revenue. SaaS and cloud computing continue to be the main growth driver. Visma has offices in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, UK, Ireland, Romania, Poland, and Spain. We've been in the market for the last 20 years being able to change, transform and improve how people interact with different software products for B2B needs. Automation and efficiency allow for small businesses and complex enterprises to work smarter and strengthen their competitiveness.
Investments in product development and innovation are key success factors for Visma. Total
investment in R&D reached NOK 1.4bn in 2017. The Visma Group consists of over 3000 developers, who have a continued strong focus on exciting new technology such as algorithms, optimization, machine learning, and AI. Visma is now Europe’s largest center of excellence for developing cloud software. Software that now services millions of end-users within Financial Management Systems, Procurement, FinTech, Schools, Welfare, Retail, and Payroll. During the decade from 2010 to 2020 Visma will recreate all its Windows solutions as cloud solutions. About two-thirds of R&D investments are related to Cloud/SaaS projects.
Visma Labs is NOW looking for over 200 multi-skilled and driven professionals with a strong vision to build services into the cloud and focus on continuous company's growth. Visma will allow employees to be passionate, creative and proactive in their work. For personal growth, the employees will get the opportunity to be part of international and local competence groups, take training to learn new technologies or agile work methods, get certifications and participate in conferences.
If you're ready to drive fast and be part of the new adventure, you're the one we're looking for!
Visma Labs in Kosice, Slovakia is looking for a new talent like you! Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Nikola JarošováE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4547722 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  28.3.2023 
    2023-03-28
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: C# Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Visma Labs s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 400 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
