Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceC/C++ Developer in Public Transport 
C/C++ Developer in Public TransportFREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
upon agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 800 EUR/monthMinimum 2 800 EUR brutto. Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWould you like to create an exciting technology and work with developers as enthusiastic as yourself?Bratislava-based FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com), specialized in mission-critical communication and IT solutions, e.g. in air traffic control, public safety or defense.Join our team and help us make our solutions even more reliable.  Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.Your next project - Public Transport:You will be working in an agile team on our innovative software products in the public transport environment with high demands on quality and reliability.In your daily work you refine user stories and plan tasks with your agile team to turn a feature idea into a product feature fit for operational service. This includes architectural decisions, software design, requirements engineering, test automation and collaborationwith supporting teams, like quality and safety management. You strive for improving the team performance, the product, the processes, and yourself.Key Tasks• Participate in the development of our performance-critical backend services• Take responsibility of all phases of the software life cycle, from requirementsengineering, design, implementation, to testing and maintenance• Support and guide the team with knowledge and experience• Evaluate and take responsibility for architectural decisions• Cooperate with our international project and development teams• Contribute to the further buildout of our development infrastructure• Cooperate with the strategic and technical product management Employee perks, benefits•Training and development program (business and product trainings, language course)• Flexible working hours, home office• Employee Referral Program• Refreshments, company & team events• Meal vouchers fully reimbursed by the company• Multisport card• Pension scheme contribution (DDS) Information about the selection processHigh quality safety-critical systems, space for self-realization and professional growth of each team member are our key values. If you share these values ​​and enjoy programming in C++, we would love to welcome you to our team. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationInformation technology, TelecommunicationsLanguage skillsSlovak - Upper intermediate (B2) and English - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeC++ - ExpertWindows 10 - AdvancedLinux - BasicPersonality requirements and skills• Completed degree in computer science or a related area of expertise• Being open to work as part of a Scrum team at scale• Experience in team-oriented development of complex distributed software systems in a Windows-based environment with a strong focus on availability, continuous operation, security, and safety• Detailed knowledge of solid software design principles• Detailed knowledge of modern C++• Knowledge of Windows MFC• Experience with development tools like SVN/Git• Very good English knowledge in writing and speaking• Willingness to travel to the headquarters for ramp-up• Knowledge of SIP, RTP, Rabbit MQ is of advantage Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place! Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Eva LajchováE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4035509 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  27.3.2023 
    2023-03-27
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: C++ Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
