Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Software Developer SD-WAN  Можливість для людей з України
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Senior Software Developer SD-WANDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Wage (gross)
3 100 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3100 € /brutto.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAre you ready to take on lead position? Do you have several years of experience working in IT industry? Then you are just the right candidate for us!
The purpose of this role as a Senior Software Developer would be to have lead position within SCRUM team. SSD as the holder of the position is responsible for development, design and implementation of new or modified software products or ongoing business projects. Target of development is automation of business processes and cross platform automation. Senior Software Developer handles all phases of software development lifecycle, especially for small or midsize solutions. Provide independent technical expertise, follow agreed methodology steps and rituals and take responsibility for produced code to deliver functional solution with team. Mentor and feedback less experienced colleagues, present team outputs and share knowledge within company. Document and share best practices and constantly work on self-development. Follow industry trends, bring and recommend innovations.
Key accountabilities on this role would be:
•	Design, develop, maintain, test, deploy & troubleshoot automated network services, service orchestration and SD-WAN related features
•	Work with Solution Architects to understand requirements, design and scope the effort of feature development
•	Review, peer code reviews, develop unit tests, verification of enhancements & bugs and manage build servers
•	Feature handover to QA teams and knowledge transfer to Support teams
•	Work remotely with teams to collaborate and develop cutting edge technologies
•	Help create network assessment documentation including workflows Wage (gross)3 100 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3100 € /brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Number of years of experience3Personality requirements and skillsWhat can help you be successful?
Requirements
•	3+ years of working experience in Java/Python/JSON OOP development  environments or similar
•	Experience with YANG or YAML
•	Experience with databases like  SQL or MongoDB
•	Experience on Linux Operating System with administration, scripting skills, CI/CD process and DevOps tools
•	Hands-on experience with Yang Data Model
•	Agile Methods
•	Networking background is a significant advantage 
Soft skills
•	Scrum
•	Agile Principles
•	SAFe
Other criteria or requirements
•	Several years of experience working in IT industry preferably developing solutions for enterprise level application
•	Advanced experience with programming and application design
•	Advanced SQL knowledge
•	Good understanding of Cloud systems, DevOps concepts and tooling
•	Ability to work both individually and in team
•	Willingness to learn and teach new technologies
•	Willingness to be a mentor to less experienced members of the team
•	Being self-motivated and organized
•	Solid communication skills (oral and written), and willingness to develop them further Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Iveta PribulováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4545672 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  24.3.2023 
    2023-03-24
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Backend developer, Java Programmer, Python Programmer, Scrum Master, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 100 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
