Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceExperienced .NET/C# Developer 
Experienced .NET/C# DeveloperIBM
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 200 - 4 000 EUR/monthdepending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesExperienced .NET/C# Developer
If you are a developer focused on .Net and with experience in building custom applications based on web technologies, we want you for our global projects! At this position, you will be working on complex software development projects with the usage of the latest and leading-edge tools. To achieve the best results, we offer you a supportive working environment and plenty of benefits.
You can work from Bratislava, Kosice or Banska Bystrica.
What would be your responsibilities?
    • Working on complex software development projects
    • Working with the latest software and leading-edge development tools will give you the opportunity to enhance your skills and expertise in a dynamic multinational environment
What do you need for your success?
    • Bachelor’s or Master degree (Mathematics, Computer science, Information Technology, Engineering, Economics, Management)
    •  .NET, .NET Core, ASP.NET MVC, WCF, WPF, MVVM, Entity Data Framework, Design Patterns and Agile (Scrum / Kanban) knowledge
    • Communication, Creativity, Problem Solving, Taking Ownership, Teamwork and Collaboration skills
    • Fluent English ( German is an advantage)
    • Flexibility to travel in Slovakia, as well as internationally 
What can you expect of us?
    • Salary 2200 - 4000 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience  and language proficiency
    • Additional Days Off
    • Flexible Working Conditions
    • 100% Paid Sick Leave
    • Critical Illness Insurance, Life & Disability insurance, Medical Center
    • Personal & Career Development
    • And many more: ibm.biz/benefits2021 Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Natalia KolembusovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4062182 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  27.3.2023 
    2023-03-27
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, C# Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 200 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
