Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Engineer .NET 
Join the banking revolution
Vacancies
Benefits
About us
Contact
VacanciesSoftware Engineer .NET
                                Place of work
                            Lakeside Park, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/month
                                Contract type
                            full-time, trade licence
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAre you looking for a small and flexible team, where you can manage your own time and be trusted to get your work done without micromanagement?  
It’s a big part of the Ohpen culture, so if you enjoy autonomy, trust and ownership over your work, then we’re sure you’re gonna love it as much as we do.  
BRIEFING
You will be entrusted to build the best, high-quality software out there. Along with your multidisciplinary squad, which owns its domain from start to finish, you will set up technical specifications and create testable, clearly documented solutions using Domain Driven Design and proper software design patterns.
The services you build will be deployed fit-for-purpose in containers, on IIS runtimes, or as Lambda functions. Next, you will use many of the AWS managed services such as API Gateway, SNS/SQS, Kinesis Data Firehose, Cognito, EventBridge, and much more. You will have the chance to get AWS certified while working with us.
You will enjoy a hybrid office & work-from-home model, where you’ll have the flexibility to work from home at your own pace, and an office in Bratislava or Zilina to come to meet your colleagues, twice per week, or more, as you prefer. 
ABOUT YOU
•	You have at least 5 years of experience developing in C / .NET# and you dream SOLID. 
•	You know your way with .NET Core and API driven design. 
•	You have working experience or huge interest in AWS. 
•	You are prepared for developing in a highly regulated space. 
You don't have an updated CV just yet? That's all right; you can also apply with your LinkedIn profile. 
For security reasons, if you choose to apply with a CV, please upload it in PDF format.  
You will get a response. Information about the selection processIn case of your interest, please apply via the following link:https://ohpen.pinpointhq.com/en/postings/6ba15d4a-e133-4b59-86a6-07809287a42d Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyOhpen delivers a cloud-based software solution for financial institutions. With offices in Slovakia, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Spain we help financial institutions get rid of their legacy. With a strong team we share the same objective; provide our customers with the highest possible quality out there.Ohpen was founded by former bankers to manage retail investments, savings, current accounts, loans, and mortgages and was the first in the world to bring a bank fully to the cloud. We´ve been active for over 10 years and changing banking and FinTech the world over. Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Denis UstohalE-mail: send CV Send CV
Career at Ohpen
http://ohpen.com
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4546652 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  27.3.2023 
    2023-03-27
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer   Spoločnosť: OHPEN Technology Slovakia, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
