Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceDeveloper ESM Tools 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Developer ESM ToolsDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            040 01 Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesPurpose
Develops new and maintain existing source code of  applications in programming language like Java, ASP. Net or C#  based on requirements of  internal or external customers. These applications support usually automation of business processes. Works independently or in project team on developing  and building  midsize and complex application for customer usage. Handles all phases of  software development  lifecycle by himself, especially for midsize applications, provides professional support in the field of deep system analysis, technical documentation, building related infrastructure for developed application by prototyping, research. Performs role of lead development architect, substitutes the role of  project manager in case of small or midsize software projects, serves as professional mentor
Key accountabilities
    • Participation in the design of modules, services and processes in the environment of Enterprise Service Management (ESM) according to the specifications of internal and external customers
    • Independent implementation and customizing of services and processes in EMS tools, also based on available standards
    • Development of individual applications, interfaces and reports in the context of the processes and services shown
    • Participation in the migration of processes, data and reports as part of decisions to change the tools used
    • Support of application operation (3rd level), including taking on administration, customizing and further development tasks Wage (gross)3 100 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 3100€ /brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Personality requirements and skillsQualifications
Experience and Skills: 
    • 'Servicenow, HPSM, uCMDB, SMAX
    • ITIL process know-how (V3) and certification required
    • Experience using agile methods, e.g. Scrum, desirable
    • Knowledge of using at least one market-leading ITSM / ESM tool
    • Special knowledge of the "Micro Focus Service Manager" tool suite is essential
    • At least five years of professional experience, of which at least three years in the use of programming and scripting languages (e.g. Java, JavaScript, C++, C#, Perl, Python)
    • Good knowledge of suitable development tools and frameworks (e.g. Eclipse) as well as the use and connection of databases (e.g. Oracle, MySQL, JDBC, Hibernate, SQL)
    • Knowledge of reporting tools (e.g. Crystal Reports, BI/BO) would be an advantage
Languages
    • English - Upper intermediate (B2)
    • German – Advanced (minimum B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Dana Hillier KolesárováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4529543 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  29.3.2023 
    2023-03-29
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Frontend developer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 100 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
