Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Developer Python, Bash, Tcl - Multiple positions  Можливість для людей з України
Nokia
Open positions
What we offer
Contact
Software Developer Python, Bash, Tcl - Multiple positions
Place of work: Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)What we doCome create the technology that helps the world act together.
Nokia is committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed and cloud networks. Your career here will have a positive impact on people’s lives and will help us build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable, and inclusive world. We challenge ourselves to create an inclusive way of working where we are open to new ideas, empowered to take risks and fearless to bring our authentic selves to work.
As Nokia’s growth engine, we create value for communication service providers and enterprise customers by leading the transition to cloud-native software and as-a-service delivery models. Our inclusive team of dreamers, doers and disruptors push the limits from impossible to possible.
            What are your job dutiesAs a Test Development Engineer, you will participate in the evolution of our products, test software and test infrastructure. You will be part of the development of leading IP products. You will have the opportunity to use your creativity and engineering experience.As part of our team, you will:·	Develop test SW that will evolve our IP products·	Collaborate with the various teams to deliver your features with exceptional quality·	Be in close contact with the other engineers and teams spread across the world·	Understand the challenges of automation and testing for high availability systems·	Be able to cope with the responsibility of delivering a feature you committed to
            What we are looking forWe are looking for junior and senior developers as well as fresh graduates with a programming background. We need you if you are an IT oriented person, eager to learn and work with cutting edge technologies in the IP field. You should have analytical thinking, be a team player, willing to learn from others while sharing your own expertise.We count on you have:·	A good understanding and experience with programming and debugging in an interpreted language (Python, TCL, BASH...) or any language.·	Experience with Linux (command line) including basic scripting·	Experience with some versioning systems (SVN, GIT ...)·	Relevant experience with IP·	Fluent English knowledge – verbal and written as well·	University degreeOnly CVs in English will be considered for the selection process.In case you would like to work with us, please apply through the following link:https://careers.nokia.com/jobs/software-development-engineer-in-quality-assurance-77543
            What we offer·	Wage (gross): from 2000 EUR/month with completed master’s degree·	Financial contributions, such as life insurance, private health care, private pension plan - 3rd pillar retirement savings, salary compensation during illness leave (PN), life events (marriage, childbirth/adoption), meal allowance above the law·	Time benefits, such as 3 sick days, extra 5 days off, flexible working time and hybrid way of working (2 days office, 3 days home-office)·	Development benefits, a variety of learning, project & career opportunities·	Besides these, we are offering a casual & innovative culture, free refreshments & fruits in the workspace and for sure, the excitement of having an impact across the most important internet companies.
Apply online
ID: 2557190 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  24.3.2023 
    2023-03-24
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Nokia Slovakia, a.s.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
