Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceC++ developer for WMS 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukyC++ developer for WMSFirst Line Software s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesC++ Developer for WMS
We are looking for an experienced C++ Developer for our international team developing a big Warehouse Management System (WMS). 
The goal of the system is to automate the goods processing within a warehouse. It includes placement, picking and other supplementary processes. The solution covers all types of warehouses from completely manual to 100% automated and robotized, operating 24/7 and supporting various kinds of storage conditions as low-temperature storages, high-bay storages etc.
What you will do:
Participation in analysis of real warehouses processes
Development of new features of the WMS
Deployment of the WMS system in real warehouses in Europe and all over the world
Support and improvement of the earlier WMS installations
Participation in discussions with the customer
What skills are needed from you:
Knowledge of С++11/14 and Qt
Knowledge of Network protocols
Experience of working with MS Visual Studio
Experience in development of new solutions from the ground up
Creation of unit-tests and integration tests
Ability to work independently as well as be part of an international team
English language at a professional working level (spoken level)
German and/or Russian will be a plus
What we can offer:
Work in a friendly team on international projects
Opportunity to work in a successful and stable large multinational company
Personal development and career growth
Flexible start and end of working hours
Location: SK Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1) Advertiser Brief description of the companyFirst Line Software is an international team of over 400 professionals around the world (America, Europe, Asia, and Australia) who develop innovative solutions in the software industry. We try to keep an open atmosphere; we appreciate freedom and flexibility in everything. We are waiting for you in our FLS Family. Number of employees250-499 employees 
ID: 4540621 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: C++ Programmer   Spoločnosť: First Line Software s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
