Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Engineer 
Software EngineerBTCS Slovakia s. r. o.
Place of work
Mlynské nivy 5, Ružinov, Slovakia, Bratislava (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 000 EUR/monthfinal salary depends on individual experience and skills of selected candidate
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAs a technological leader in the fast-paced crypto space, we are required to react quickly on changing market demands. Therefore, we believe in agile project management methodologies. By continuously delivering small increments, we learn through the feedback we receive to optimize our products until they excel. While we are dynamic in spirit, we believe in our staff taking initiative to empowering themselves where they can drive impact rather than hierarchically assigned ownership.
What will you be working with?
• Consistent development and delivery of high-quality, low-defect, maintainable and solid code
• Work in close collaboration with your team
• Providing the required documentation
• Unit testing of your own code
• Taking responsibility of the systems you are working on which includes troubleshooting
• Create enterprise/banking-grade business applications which provide value to our various  internal and to our thousands of external stakeholders
• Serve as a subject matter expert for everything in your domain (skillset and systems) Employee perks, benefits• exciting projects in the crypto space
• a friendly and supportive team culture that relies on positivity
• flexible organization of your working hours
• Christmas bonus
• company shares
• home-office possibility after trial period
• company events: team-buildings, Christmas party, etc. Information about the selection processOnline Personal Interview
This call is about getting to know each other. We want to know more about your background, motivations and expectations and at the same time you can ask us your questions.
Technical Interview
In the technical interview, we have a few tasks for you to learn more about your skills. You will also have the opportunity to get to know the team and the workplace.
We will contact only candidates, who fit our needs. By sending your CV, you agree with processing of your personal data. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Educational SpecializationInformation TechnologyLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledge.NET - AdvancedC# - AdvancedTransact-SQL (T-SQL) - SkillfulNumber of years of experience3Personality requirements and skills• Professional experience in the field of software development
•.NET, C#, Azure, SQL, Web, REST APIs and Microservices
• Knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes and Kafka is a plus
• Understanding of Blockchain and cryptography will be a plus
• Good understanding of Design Patterns, SOLID code, and principles
• You like to work in a team and as well independently and engage with your colleagues also for knowledge sharing
• You explain complex issues in a simple way and are motivated by helping your colleagues Advertiser Brief description of the companyFounded in 2013, Bitcoin Suisse is the Swiss crypto-finance and technology pioneer and market leader. Bitcoin Suisse has helped to shape the crypto and blockchain ecosystem in Switzerland and has been a driving force in the development of the 'Crypto Valley' and 'Crypto Nation Switzerland'. Bitcoin Suisse offers prime brokerage, trading, custody, lending, staking and other crypto-financial services for private and institutional clients and has built a team of more than 300 highly qualified experts at its locations in Zug, Copenhagen, Liechtenstein and Bratislava. Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Michal ŠtípekTel.: +421907699932E-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4207016 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  20.3.2023 
    2023-03-20
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, Backend developer, C# Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: BTCS Slovakia s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
