Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceStart your career with Adobe! 
Start your career with Adobe!IBM
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 600 - 1 800 EUR/monthSalary starting from 1600-1800 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language proficiency
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesDid you just finish university? Do you want to start your career in a friendly team that does not know stereotypes? If you answer 'yes', you should continue reading and meet our team at IBM!
Adobe has historically specialized in software for the creation and publication of a wide range of content, including graphics, photography, illustration, animation, multimedia/video, motion pictures, and print. Adobe offered a bundled solution of its products named Adobe Creative Suite, which evolved into a subscription software as a service (SaaS) offering named Adobe Creative Cloud. The company also expanded into digital marketing software and in 2021 was considered one of the top global leaders in Customer Experience Management (CXM). 
As a Adobe Package Consultant at IBM you will use the newest tools and technology while working on challenging projects that include designing, developing, and re-engineering highly complex application components and integrating software packages. Out new colleague needs a mix of consultative skills, business knowledge, and technical expertise to effectively integrate packaged technology into our clients’ business environment and achieve business results. Moreover, when achieving goals, we guarantee you a promotion after one year of work.
This position is located in Bratislava, Banska Bystrica or Kosice.
What would be your responsibilities?
•	Gathering and analysis of requirements
•	Configuration and development of business solutions based on the Adobe platform
•	Test, documentation and deployment
•	Support and maintenance
•	Active communication with the customers, business analysts and other service delivery teams in order to perform regular operations tasks as well as solve the application issues
What do you need for your success?
•	IT related education / IT Background (Application developer, IT Consultant role)
•	Communication and presentation skills, written and verbal
•	Fluent English
•	Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
•	Ability to work independently and as a team player
What can you expect of us?
•	Salary starting from 1600-1800 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language proficiency
•	Annual performance bonus payment
•	Performance evaluation on regular basis
•	Subsidized meal-tickets
•	Flexible working time and home office
•	Three additional vacation days
•	Up to three self-recovery days
•	100% sick leave compensation
•	Life insurance and supplementary pension savings program
•	Private medical sanatorium
•	Long term career development and possibility of internal rotation
•	Classroom based trainings and 5000 e-learning courses – both internal and external
•	Recommend-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program
•	MultiSport card
•	Special IBM discounts Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Natalia KolembusovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4505929 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  20.3.2023 
    2023-03-20
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Consultant, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 600 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
