Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceC# .NET Developer 
C# .NET DeveloperSYNOT Games, s.r.o.
Place of work
Miletičova, Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 900 - 3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAs a C#/.NET Developer you will be part of software development team to build and extend backend applications running on .NET Core platform. You will have the opportunity to use the newest frameworks and tools while working on challenging tasks like implementing specific solutions, integration via web services with various other systems, and actively participating in the functionality analysis.
Are you a good fit for our team? Let's find out!
We are looking for an experienced developer with:
-	Strong knowledge in C#/.NET.
-	Experience with web services (JSON, XML).
-	Good communication skills.
-	Good overview of the newest technologies and ability to write a clean and maintainable code.
-	An open mind and creative thinking.
-	Experience with SQL, Git, and DevOps (TFS) is an advantage.
You will be part of an experienced team with passion for innovation in a highly creative, inspiring and young environment.
You will have a chance to work with the latest technology on the market and acquire various certificates.
Working at SYNOT Games is an opportunity to work under a stable SYNOT brand with decades of history.
Besides, what else could be more fun than creating games? Employee perks, benefits• Flexible working hours
• up to 3 days HomeOffice a week
• 2 additional vacation days
• Fruit days
• Informal working atmosphere Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeC# - Advanced.NET - AdvancedDriving licenceB Advertiser Brief description of the companySYNOT Games is a Bratislava-based team of gaming enthusiasts, constantly keeping in touch with innovation and striving for perfection. With more than 30 years of previous experience in gaming, we create exciting new casino slots with remarkable visuals and state-of-the-art technological attributes. We are striving to always provide top-level quality to keep the players thrilled and entertained.
As part of SYNOT Group we blend the tradition and experience with fresh and innovative approaches, together providing a full portfolio for both online and land-based operations. Our games are easy to integrate, infinitely engaging and available on multiple devices, platforms or languages. ContactContact person: Petra BubeníkováTel.: +421901714199E-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4051599 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  20.3.2023 
    2023-03-20
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: C# Programmer   Spoločnosť: SYNOT Games, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 900 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
