Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceOracle Cloud Developer 
Oracle Cloud DeveloperIBM
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time
Start date
1.2.2022
Wage (gross)
2 200 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties- Deep understanding of ETL concepts.
- Understanding basic functionality of Oracle ERP / EPM / SCM Cloud.
- Experience with Oracle Cloud integrations, REST API, SOAP, FBDI, ADFdi.
- Participating in technical / architectural workshops.
- Willing to occasionally travel as per client's need.
- Knowledge in the area of Oracle Cloud setup to enable and maintain integrations.
- Experience with RICEFW including analysis and documentation.
- Experience with report design (e.g. Financial Reporting Studio), business intelligence Employee perks, benefitsSalary starting from 2200 EUR gross, depending on relevant experience and language proficiency
Stable job in a reputable and well-performing company
Almost endless learning & growth opportunities (classroom based trainings and 5000 e-learning courses)
Annual performance bonus payment
Performance and salary evaluation on regular basis
Subsidized meal-tickets
Flexible working time and home office with option to borrow assets (monitor, chair)
Three additional vacation days
Up to three self-recovery days
100% sick leave compensation
Life insurance and supplementary pension savings program
Private medical sanatorium
Long term career development and possibility of internal rotation
Recommend-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeOracle - Advanced Advertiser Brief description of the companyIBM is the world's IT leader, main business area of the company are
IT services and solutions, research, hardware, software and business consulting. Our business model is built to support two principal goals: helping our clients succeed in delivering business value by becoming more efficient and competitive through the use of business insight and information technology solutions; and providing long-term value to our shareholders. In support of these objectives, our business model has been developed over time through strategic investments in services and technologies that have the best long-term growth and profitability prospects based on the value they deliver to clients. And inherent in the model is a commitment to employees and the communities in which we operate. ContactContact person: Veronika SimonovaE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4213544 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  21.3.2023 
    2023-03-21
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Oracle Programmer   Spoločnosť: IBM   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 200 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
