Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJunior Application Developer (part time job for students) (REF530M) 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Junior Application Developer (part time job for students) (REF530M)Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            Košice, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            agreement-based (Temporary jobs)
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesPurpose
    • Design and develop solutions for customer usage in web application development, mobile app development, AR or VR development.
    • Technically independent with responsibility for design and implementation of an assigned technology.
    • Understand the technical details, integration, and functions of one or more applications, hardware, and/or software within a team. Document and share best practices.
Key accountabilities
    • Analyze of customer’s requirements, reviewing current systems and propose overall solution.
    • Prepare and implement solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming specification in selected object oriented programming into functional and user friendly software to meet customer’s needs.
    • Producing detailed specifications and writing the program codes.
    • Creating technical specifications and test plans before deployment in order to avoid bugs and ensure quality of code.
    • Maintain software on 2nd, 3rd level support by fixing bugs and regular check.
    • Work with other teams in coordinating changes across system.
    • Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organization. Wage (gross)4,5 EUR/hourFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examinationLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsEducation
    • Specialization in programming language (e.g. Java or JavaScript – Angular or others)
Experience
    • Within the field of application programming in object oriented programming languages
IT Technical Skills
Project used technologies and requirements in particular relation to Project position:
    • VirtualEnv (dockering) / GitLab + source control
    • Deploying REST-based web services / APIs
    • Backend - Java, SQL, JSON or Frontend - Angular
Soft skills
    • Communication
    • Analytical thinking
    • Team cooperation
Languages
    • English - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Cecilia KotercovaE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4523806 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.4.2023 
    2023-04-17
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Programmer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 4,5 EUR/hour
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
