Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Java Software Engineer for George (all genders) 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
Senior Java Software Engineer for George (all genders)
Bratislava, Slovakia
Banking has a name. And we create it.
For more than 9 million customers across Europe, George stands for a digital banking experience that combines design and technology on an open platform. At the George Labs, we strive for everyone. We achieve this by empowering people to understand, manage and, last but not least, enjoy one of their most personal things: their money.
            Join us in our agile environment and make banking simple, intelligent and personal again!
            Above all else, you are a believer in the craft of Software Engineering and your ability to push the boundaries of what is possible to achieve with code. You’ll collaborate closely with colleagues from the ideation of features through the conceptual and planning phases and bring innovative and high-performing solutions to life. Our team is responsible for delivering the data from the banks into the George ecosystem, handling millions of messages per day. You will take these details in your stride and make George shine for the user.
What you’ll bring with you
5+ years of experience in Java-based programming.
A good grip of Design Patterns and multithreaded processing
Nice to have: experience with Kafka and other messaging systems, experience with Cassandra or other distributed NoSQL databases.
A love for code quality and testing
A pro-active and independent working style.
We like you because
You iterate fast, without compromising quality, while taking care of detail
Clean code is your mantra as you look to improve what is existing
Respectfully challenging your colleagues, and being challenged in return is welcomed by you
You are passionate about learning, and want to help others learn too
You can stand heat, noise and criticism without losing your smile
You have values and opinions and can articulate them in fluent English
Why you will like us
We’re a team of experienced developers who love to exchange ideas and push the boundaries
We provide everything you need to work (e.g., MacBook Pro, mobile device, licenses) and lots of additional benefits
We offer flexible working hours and are open for remote working
We are open minded, and always keen to stand up and go the extra mile for the correct solution
We care for your personal well-being and career development while actively supporting your educational needs
We communicate and collaborate with a variety of tools including Slack, Confluence and JIRA
We encourage regular conference visits and multiple chances to shine with George.
We feed you with coffee, sweets and fruits and provide table soccer and table tennis to train the stuff away
Working from home, virtual office, working while riding a bike. What ever and how ever you do your best work to make George shine, is fine by us.
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2800 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are
           As an employee of Erste Digital, the success of our people is more than a motto, it’s our manifest. We nurture a work environment where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success – we live diversity!
If you’ve got this far
        It seems we have your interest. If you think you are a good fit for this position, please get in touch with us, we’d love to catch up.
Apply for this Job
ID: 4540593 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
