Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSW Developer - Battery pack and charger development  
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukySW Developer - Battery pack and charger development IT-Impulse s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
upon agreement
Wage (gross)
From 2 000 EUR/monthThe final offer for the selected candidate will depend on shared responsibilities, skills and previous work experience.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesImmerse yourself in the world of power tools and experience how proud it makes you to build the best ones in the world in a family-owned German company with a long-lasting tradition. Be a part of teams that design, develop and produce tools that are high-performing and robust yet reliable and lightweight. Every tool can only be as good as the person behind it. That's why we are looking for employees who want to make a difference with their 3,000 colleagues worldwide. 
Do you want to actively shape the wireless future of power tools, further developing existing systems and using new technologies to become a real problem solver for our customers? You can do so by starting in a position as a Software developer with a focus on Battery pack and Charger development. 
Your tasks:
- New and further development of software functions based on different microcontroller platforms from idea generation to the successful series introduction
- Co-design and further development of the software platform
- Testing and debugging of single components as well as complete systems
- Creation of process and standard-compliant software documentation of the entire development process as a basis for approvals
- Active co-design of the software development process
- Support in the area of testing during qualification tests
The onboarding will take place in Germany for approx. 3-6 months. After the training, you will work remotely with occasional business trips. Employee perks, benefits• Familiarity of a small sized firm and security and possibilities of a large company
• +5 extra days of vacation
• 3 sick days per month
• Contribution to 3rd pillar (individual pension savings) 1 - 2,5%
• Cafeteria bonus
• Employee referral program (up to 5.000 EUR per referral)
• Yearly performance and salary review
• Jubilee gifts
• Flexible working hours
• Free language courses during working hours
Benefits available on-site:
• Comfortable and healthy work environment in a newly built, air-conditioned office space (5-7 workstations per office)
• Free bicycle garage
• Free parking space
• Free kindergarten during school holidays at the workplace
• Free health workouts every week
• Floorball and football groups
• Fruit days
• Stocked kitchen with free drinks (freshly roasted coffee)
• Massages
• Monthly breakfast club Information about the selection processPlease send us a curriculum vitae in English.
We reserve the right to contact only those candidates who meet the requirements.Company on whose behalf the position is being filledElectrical industryOur customer is a producer of first-class power and air tools with HQ in Germany. Combination of successful design and manufacture of professional tools which are high-performing and robust yet reliable and lightweight, such as bench-mounted circular saws, compound mitre saws, jigsaws, circular saws, plunge-cut saws, routers, stirrers, electronic planers, polishers, drills, hammer drills and all types of sanding machines, such as eccentric sanders, orbital sanders, long-reach sanders, angle grinders, belt sanders, as well as construction site radios, LED working lights and many more. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationElectrical engineering, information technology or a comparable course of study.Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) or German - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeEmbedded software - AdvancedC - AdvancedC++ - AdvancedCircuit technology - analog and digital - BasicNumber of years of experience3Personality requirements and skillsRequirements:
- degree in in electrical engineering, information technology or a comparable course of study
- experience and knowledge of the programming languages C, ideally also C++ and in the development of embedded systems
- basic knowledge of analog and digital circuit technology
- high level of commitment, team spirit
- independent and structured working skills 
- solution-oriented working style
- strong communication skills 
- fluent English or German language Advertiser Brief description of the companyIT-Impulse is the Software Engineering division of the international company JobImpulse GmbH with more than 9000 employees in 51 locations in 12 countries and acts as an intermediary between the IT software development department and highly qualified IT specialists on the job market.
The Slovak branch in Košice in its new headquarters with over 100 employees is looking for new colleagues for existing as well as newly created customer-dedicated teams.
http://www.it-impulse.sk
https://www.facebook.com/ITImpulseSlovakia/
https://www.instagram.com/it_impulse/
https://www.linkedin.com/company/it-impulse/The company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services. Number of employees100-149 employees 
ID: 4522294 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  18.3.2023 
    2023-03-18
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: C Programmer, C++ Programmer, Design Engineer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: IT-Impulse s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
