Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceStudent Competition Takeda Digital Accelerators  Можливість для людей з України
Unleash
Your Power
About Us
Benefits
Culture
Jobs
Student Competition Takeda Digital Accelerators
Apply Now
Date posted: 14.4.2023
Location: Bratislava, Slovakia
Salary: From 6 EUR/hour
By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge.Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesTake the Challenge and Join Our Student Competition Takeda Digital Accelerators!
Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire and empower you to shine? At Takeda Innovation Capability Center, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D driven market leadership and being a value led company. We empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work.
Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world. Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission.
Do you have what it takes to be a Takeda Digital Accelerator?
•	Are you a student interested in new digital solutions, automation and data?
•	Do you want to build something next-gen and innovative? 
•	Do you want to create a virtual assistant? 
Accelerate your career!
By joining Takeda Digital Accelerators Student Competition you will:
•	Join 2-3 months challenge (collaborate with your team to solve a real business case)
•	Learn how to create a virtual assistant and collaboration tool and later present your work in front of the business leaders
•	Have a chance to win a yearly paid rotational internship across Takeda Innovation Capability Center
•	Participate in great trainings on technologies such as SharePoint, Power apps Power automate or Power virtual agents
What we can offer you:
•	The opportunity to work on a real business case
•	Yearly Paid Rotational Internship
•	A chance to work with colleagues across the globe
•	A flexible work environment and approach with understanding of students’ schedules
•	A culture that encourages an entrepreneurial spirit, agile thinking and collaboration
•	Trainings on technologies such as Sharepoint, Power apps Power automate or Power virtual agents
•	1:1 Mentorship with Takeda Innovation Capability Center professionals 
Timelines:
•	Kick off: middle of September 2023
•	Challenge completion: December 2023
•	Expected internship start date: January 2024 Information about the selection processApplication process:
•	Assemble Team of five or apply individually (we will help you form the Team if needed )
•	Take part in the assessment
•	Four selected teams will be invited to take part in a challenge
•	Winners will be offered a yearly paid rotational internships across Takeda Innovation Capability Center
•	Each candidate for Takeda Digital Accelerator's program will be evaluated individually regardless the team. Takeda reserves a right to not accept a team member based on evaluation Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity studentLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsWe are looking for someone who: 
•	Has a student status (preferably, but not a must: in finance/economics/information systems/data/business)
•	Has general knowledge and understanding of the following technologies: Sharepoint, Power apps, Power automate, Power virtual agents
•	Speaks English
•	Wants to know more about digital solutions and data
•	Is collaborative, team-oriented and empathetic
•	Is available to take part in the 2-3 months challenge
•	Is willing to take part in yearly paid internship at Takeda Innovation Capability Center Advertiser Brief description of the companyTakeda is an industry-leading, global pharmaceutical company with an unwavering dedication to putting patients at the center of everything we do. We live our values of Takeda-ism – Integrity, Fairness, Honesty, and Perseverance – and are united by our mission to strive towards Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine.
Here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission. At Takeda, you will make an impact on people’s lives – including your own.
Takeda is an equal opportunity employer.
We are taking a giant step forward to create a future-ready organization that evolves at the speed of science and technology, to meet the needs of patients by seeking and incorporating novel digital capabilities, data, and agile methodologies. Our aim is to provide digital solutions that are personalized to each patient’s unique needs and health circumstances. With individual care at the center, we can support patients in actively managing their personal care journey – from the moment they are diagnosed through treatment and beyond. Our Digital and IT team plays an integral role in accelerating this exciting journey. ContactContact person: Maria HodosiovaE-mail: send CV
NOT READY TO APPLY?
Join our Talent Community and get the latest news & events happening at Takeda
LET’S GO
takedajobs.com
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4558168 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  14.4.2023 
    2023-04-14
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Business Analyst, Frontend developer, IT Analyst, IT Project Manager, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Takeda   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 6 EUR/hour
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
