Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceMobile QA Engineer for George (all genders) 
Mobile QA Engineer for George (all genders)
Košice, Slovakia
Banking has a name. And we create it.
          For more than 9 million customers across Europe, George stands for a digital banking experience that combines design and technology on an open platform. At the George Labs, we strive for everyone. We achieve this by empowering people to understand, manage and, last but not least, enjoy one of their most personal things: their money.
            Join us in our agile environment and make banking simple, intelligent and personal again!
            We understand your pain. QA Engineers and Testers do not get the respect they deserve! But with us, your technical knowledge and testing abilities are as much valued as the cool designs that comes out of the creative team. You will work closely with our developers along the full user story, working together on the same code towards the same goal of providing market-ready software at the end of each Sprint. You will create well-structured and well-considered test cases, executing automation scripts using open source tools, all while keeping the nasty bugs away.
What you’ll bring with you
A toolkit full of software development and QA experience 
Curiosity about object-oriented programming (Kotlin or Java preferred)
The ability to write clean and readable code with documentation 
Experience with mobile testing (Appium preferred)
Deep insight of software QA methodologies 
Hands-on experience with automated testing tools and deep insight of software QA methodologies
A natural confidence with your communication skills, while being fluent in English 
Living the agile mindset, testing in a scrum team while collaborating with developers and business analysts. 
We like you because
Being able to independently solve problems and make decisions about testing results 
Confidently wearing T-shirts with the slogan ‘TDD & BDD are not diseases!’
Being proactive and self-motivated without the ego to go with it 
Having the ability to see the big picture and have a strong quality awareness 
Knowing that variety, changing trends, and constantly upgrading your skills is better than any alternative
Why you will like us
We’re a team of experienced testers who love to exchange ideas and push the boundaries
We provide everything you need to work (e.g., MacBook Pro, mobile device, licenses) and lots of additional benefits
We are open minded, and always keen to stand up and go the extra mile for the correct solution
New Work is not just another buzz word to us. We proactively adapt to the ever-changing work environment of today
We guarantee a competitive and performance-related salary, dependent on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2000,-- gross per year for this position
The way we are
           As an employee of Erste Digital, the success of our people is more than a motto, it’s our manifest. We nurture a work environment where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success – we live diversity!
If you’ve got this far
      It seems we have your interest. If you think you are a good fit for this position, please get in touch with us, we’d love to catch up.
Apply for this Job
ID: 4557445 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  14.4.2023 
    2023-04-14
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: IT Tester, Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetkyponuky
            Prihlásiť
        Vytvorte siživotopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
