Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie prácePEGA Architect- Business Analyst 
                        DEUTSCHE TELEKOM
SERVICES EUROPE SLOVAKIA
Open positions
About us
Company culture
Benefits
Contact
PEGA Architect- Business Analyst
As Solution Designer you are working in the role as a Business Architects (BA) in the programm Hrcules inside the Digi HUB HR Enabling. You are member of an international team, which is pro-actively working at targets to establish a satisfactory customer journey, with a state of the art IT along the Hire-to-Retire processes.
Your work will be focused on analyzing, visualizing and documenting business processes and enabling requirements in the beginning of the development process as also in cut over activities and testing to assure golives. 
                                Place of work
                            Remote work
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Start date
                            asap
                                Wage (gross)
From 2 300 EUR/month
Informationabout the position
                        •	Collaboration in the setup of a future HR Workflow tool 
•	Project related work in IT project management – support in setup of agile and adptive design and development structures (e.g. Scrum, DevOps, Design Thinking,…) with different IT partners
•	Support DevOps on a Pegasystems platform by Implementing software with model based development using Pega Systems Direct Captive Objective (DCO) tools.
•	running workshops together with the HTR bsuiness in order to understand “as is” process and to develop beneficial ideas to enhance customer journey at “to be” processes – Translate complex business requirements into workflows
•	Work with the business, support staff, and technology areas, to design a technical structure based on the existing standards and processes and meets the strategic needs of the business and integrates with other business and IT Processes. 
•	Support, resolve and document issues that arise in the architecture. This may include reviewing designs and recommending improvements to the architecture. 
•	Assure go lives of new processes during UAT testing and cut over activities
The salary for this position is from 2300 EUR gross.
The published salary is the minimum possible offer. The starting salary may be higher depending on the extent of fulfillment of the employee's requirements (education, language skills, required practice, personality assumptions and skills).
We work in a hybrid style of working with an unlimited home office, but once a week we meet in the office in Bratislava for meetings.
What we expectfrom the candidateCandidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational Specializationinformation technologyLanguage skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Required experienceBusiness Process Analysis2Personality requirements and skills•	2-3 years of experience in Business Process Analysis, consulting or IT-project management or system development
•	University degree in the field of business administration or information technology
•	Good understanding about technical approaches of process-workflows (preferably in HR processes)
•	Experience with implementing workflow or process systems like PEGA, Salesforce, Verint, Appian,.. to enable a shared service center
•	familiar with digitalization solutions (e.g. Big Data, RPA, digital sigantures, AI,…) 
•	PRPC Certified System Architect or Business Architect (welcome) – or the ability and willing to learn how to ramp up PEGA.
•	Knowledge about process management and process modeling (BPNM)
•	Devloping skills or knowledge about UI rules would be benficial
•	Proven experience in collaboration with international management and international teams
•	Good communication skills
•	Excellent analytical and structured thinking 
•	Familiar with Agile software development life cycle and knows how DevOps is lived 
•	Very Good knowledge of English language (spoken & written) -  German would be a plus
•	Willingness and ability to travel; taking part in project which deliver in campus mode
You like your work. Even if it is busy, you are able to laugh. You are open minded towards new concepts, and ideas.  You want to learn how technology works and you are looking forward to enable daily work by setting up a proper IT landscape – we are looking for your application  
Benefitsthat make you happy
                • Annual bonus
• Fully paid meal vouchers
• Phone and notebook for personal use
• Discounts for selected Telekom products
• Supplementary pension saving contribution
• Cafeteria system of benefits/Multisport card
• Sick days
• Sports club & Health days
• Teambuildings, summer & Christmas party
• Opportunities for career growth
• Referral program
• Flexible working time 
Send CV
Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia, s.r.o.
                                Legionárska 10, STEINERKA, 811 07 Bratislava
                                Moldavská cesta 8A, BCT2, 040 11 Košice
www.dtse.sk
www.LinkedIn.com/company/dtse
                            LIFE IS FOR SHARING.
 Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4436236 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  21.2.2023 
    2023-02-21
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Database Analyst, Frontend developer, IT Analyst, IT Architect   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom Services Europe Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Fórum práce
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
