Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Developer Continuous Integration 
Software Developer Continuous IntegrationVITA COM BUSINESS EURÓPA, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 2 500 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesThe cars of the past were guided by human hands – the cars of the future will be driven by human ideas. In the quest towards full automation, we have set out to tackle the toughest challenge of autonomous driving – safety. Our trusted safety platform is on board more than one million vehicles.
Curiosity and passion for high-tech innovation! This combination has made us the technological heart of the complex field of autonomous driving. As expert for continuous integration you create the innovative and efficient foundation for the development of complex software systems. Use this opportunity to support our mission of advancing safe technologies and improving human lives!
Your Tasks
•	Develop and maintain the continuous integration framework for the autonomous driving projects
•	Develop, maintain and automate tools for infrastructure and build automation
•	Create software release packages
•	Guide the software release process
•	Evaluate new tools and make sure used frameworks are best in class
•	Provide configuration management support to projects
Your Profile
•	Technical education (e.g. Computer Science, Physics, Electrical Engineering or related)
•	First experience with continuous integration (e.g. Jenkins) and configuration management (e.g. git) tools.
•	Knowledge in programming (Python, C), Windows and/or Linux shell scripting
•	Interest in automation of workflows and processes
•	Motivated and committed team player with curiosity for innovation.
•	Flexibility and self-motivation are among your strengths
•	Good command of English, German is an advantage Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgePython - AdvancedC - AdvancedShell Scripting - Skillful Advertiser Brief description of the companyThe company with stable position in European IT market. Excellent references of realized projects or projects in realization. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Martin TrenčanskýTel.: +421917660851E-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4496836 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  20.2.2023 
    2023-02-20
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: C Programmer, Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: VITA COM BUSINESS EURÓPA, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Fórum práce
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
