Belépésálláskeresőknek
Transportation, Procurement, Logistics
Supply Chain
Budapest
Következő 
Planning Specialist
Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft.
Budapest
Jelentkezem
Mentés
Az állásról
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő, Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárások:
Angol középfok
1-3 év szakmai tapasztalat
Főiskola
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. is a leader in providing next-generation telecommunications networks, serving 45 of the world's top 50 carriers, as well as over one-third of the world’s population. We are committed to providing innovative and customized products, services, and solutions to create long-term value and potential growth for our customers.
Our products and solutions include wireless products, core network products, network products, applications, and software, as well as terminals.
At the end of 2020, we had over 197,000 employees. Our global R&D spending reaches 15.9% of the annual revenue. In 2020, our revenue reached $136.23 billion.
We have been operating in Hungary since 2005, and we have manufacturing centers in Pest megye and Komárom as well.
We sincerely invite professionals to join us and develop together with Huawei. For further information, please visit us now at http://www.huawei.com
Planning Specialist
Responsibilities:
Responsible for a product/product family supply plan development and implementation, participate in S&OE planning decision-making, manage the product supply ability and identify the key risks, balance the supply and demand.Co-work with Huawei buyer and supplier to make the planning strategy based on the supplier’s production capacity, manufacture risk, safety stock etc.Responsible for the production Inventory management, coordinate with regional office to manage the country inventory, continuous optimization of inventory management strategies, models and methods.
Working Location:
Budapest
Requirements:
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree of Economics/Supply Chain, or Electronic/Telecommunication Engineering.At least 1-3 years supply chain experience in relevant field, be familiar with supply chain planning activities. Material planning background is preferred.Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Chinese language skill is a plus.Experience in Oracle ERP or SAP.Proficient with MS Office.Experience in Power BI and/or other analytical tools is preferred.Excellent organization, communication and follow-up skills.Self-motivated, result-oriented and a good team player.Adapting to a cross-cultural work environment.
We offer:
Career at a leading multinational telecommunication company.Competitive salary package.
Sector(s):
IT Operation, Telecommunication
Telecommunication
Transportation, Procurement, Logistics
Supply Chain
How to apply/ contact information
Please send your Resume/CV (MS Word or Adobe PDF) in English via the "Jelentkezem" button, indicating your earliest on-board date as well as salary expectations.We would like to inform You that the Data Controller regarding your application is Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft. (company registration number: 01-09-861837, Registered seat: 1133 Budapest, Váci út 116-118. 1. building. 6. Floor, Hungary). We process your personal data for the purpose of considering you for, and assessing your suitability for, career opportunities with Huawei, and progressing your application furthermore to maintain and improve our recruiting processes, and to comply with laws and regulations Huawei is subject to. You, as data subject has the following rights: You can have access to your processed personal data; if it is inaccurate, You can ask for the rectification of Your data; You also have the right to erasure (delete) your personal data; You can ask for the restriction of processing; You can file a portability request about the personal data You provided to us; You can object against the processing if it is based on legitimate interest; and You can withdraw your consent about the processing; You can also ask for human review in case of automated decision-making.You can find our detailed information notice regarding job applications if You visit Huawei’s webpage and at the bottom, select the “career” option, then, in the dedicated career webpage look for the upper right corner, and – in the worldwide dropdown menu- select Huawei Northeast Europe. You will land on the dedicated recruitment site, and You can find our detailed privacy notice in it’s footer, called simply “privacy”.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Elküldöm magamnak a hirdetést
Hasonló állásokat szeretne kapni e-mailben?
Kérje állásértesítőnket, és naponta küldjük a legfrissebb ajánlatokat!
Állásértesítőt kérek
Jelentkezem
MentésMentés kedvencnek
 Vissza a listára
Az állásról
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő, Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Általános munkarend
Elvárások:
Angol középfok
1-3 év szakmai tapasztalat
Főiskola
 Elküldöm magamnak
 Értesítést kérek
A cégről
Huawei Technologies Hungary Híradástechnikai Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Kereskedelem
●
Elektronikus, híradás-technikai berendezés és alkatrészei nagykereskedelme
100-250 munkavállaló
2005
1133
Budapest,
Váci út 116-118. 1. ép. 6. em.
Értékelések a(z) Huawei Technologies Hungary Kft. cégről
Értékelések kategória szerint 
3,5
Kollégák és céges hangulat 
4,2
Megközelíthetőség 
További vélemények 
Munkahely értékelése 
Ennél a cégnél dolgozik vagy dolgozott a múltban? Kérjük, mondja el véleményét, segítse az álláskeresők közösségét!
Értékelem
