Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
(Senior) Cloud & Infrastructure Architect (w/m/div.)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Service Solutions GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Berlin
Your tasks
You analyze existing Network- and Infrastructure Services and derive relevant measures for optimization & migration (on prem & cloud).
You plan and define the Bosch Service Solutions Cloud Strategy including roadmaps and support realization in close collaboration with our IT Teams.
You ensure compliancy with quality and standards (e.g. legal or IT-Security Frameworks).
You evaluate and present functional and economical results of strategic aspects in regards of infrastructure -/ cloud strategy.
You review regular architecture with respect to optimization potential, maintenance and operations.
You lead and collaborate in Proof-of-concept (PoC) for cloud solution by respecting state-of-the-art paradigms (testability, re-use, architecture conformity etc.).
Your profile
Education: successfully completed studies in computer science or a similar field or comparable education with relevant professional experience.
Experience & Know-how: professional experience in the fields of cloud architecture and IT delivery models (I. E. IaaS, SaaS, PaaS, SDN, etc.), strong background and professional experience with public/private cloud architecture design and cloud technologies, knowledge in the fields of infrastructure, networking- and security solutions as well as Server- and Desktop virtualization (e.g. Citrix), consulting capabilities to transform Business requirements into actionable IT measures and deep understanding of risk evaluation and impact in IT environments, IT-Security Knowhow in regards to Cloud and Infrastructure security.
A Plus: any Cloud vendor certification.
Your way to work: "Hands-on" mindset, willingness to test and implement tasks in your area of responsibility
Language skills: Proficient skills in English are required (speaking and writing), German skills are appreciated.
Personality: Exceptional analytical capabilities, communication skills and intercultural competence.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Bismarckstraße, Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.