Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
BPM Developer Axon Ivy (f/m/d) - Expert Services
Essen, Berlin, Frankfurt am Main, Hannover, München, Potsdam, Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
Are you the right one to drive E.ON's digitalization by developing great Process Automation Solutions?
This is your opportunity to become a member of our Technology Consulting division within E.ON's Digital Technology organization. As a partner for our businesses our division makes a major contribution as an internal professional services organization to accelerate the delivery of E.ONs Digital Transformation Strategy. E.ON is a leading European utility company, playing a key role in shaping the energy transition and connecting everyone to good energy.
If you have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place, you can become a changemaker in our energetic and diverse team!
As a BPM Developer Axon Ivy you will spearhead one of E.ON's Digital Technology initiatives. You will become a key member of a skilled international team of process automation experts who will lead, shape, transform and digitize E.ON businesses across all functions and European countries.
Your task
You identify and understand process automation use cases
You analyze and understand business requirements for automation use cases
You create effort estimations based on business requirements
You design, develop, test and implement automated business process solutions based on our Axon Ivy BPM platform
You design, develop, test and implement interfaces to other platforms based on state-of-the-art web technologies
You assure the quality of implemented solutions from development perspective
You write and update technical documentation
Your profile
University degree in computer science or system engineering or equivalent education
Several years of experience in developing automation solutions preferably based on Axon Ivy
Team player with high quality awareness and reliability
Able to find, understand and resolve complex automation challenges
Ability to build creative business process management solutions
Skilled in the following technologies: Java, JEE, JSF, HTML5, PrimeFaces, Databases (Oracle, MySQL)
Knowledge of interface technologies, e.g. WebService (SOAP, REST)
Knowledge of methods, architectures & design approaches for modern web-based process applications
Preferable experienced in Axon Ivy business process design and development
Very good communication skills in English, German is a plus
Our benefits
We offer the unique opportunity to combine your love for technology with your passion to work on a topic of high relevance for society. You will be able to contribute to E.ON's ambitious digitalization strategy, to apply and broaden your expertise on a variety of assignments, to work with cutting edge technology and to have the opportunity to grow your career internationally across the wider organization.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.