Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
(Senior) Cyber Threat Detection Engineer (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
We are looking for an experienced Detection Engineer with technical depth and critical thinking to join our Threat Control Management team.
As a subject matter expert, you are responsible for developing, implementing and maintaining high quality threat detections which will have direct impact on Bosch's ability to counter malicious activity for our global environment.
In addition, you'll contribute technical, procedural and organizational requirements to continually increase the capabilities of the detection and protection program.
You'll collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to support detection and prevention strategies by defining appropriate and actionable security controls.
This role will directly benefit from deliverables by the Cyber Threat Intelligence team, contribute to Purple Team engagements and provide tactical support during Incident Response investigations.
Your profile
Education: Completed university studies in information technology, computer science, IT security or a comparable subject
Personality and Working Practice: Strong analytical skills and the ability to collaborate effectively within and across teams, ability to translate TTPs into detection logic/rules
Experience: Several years of professional experience in Detection Engineering, Cyber Threat Intelligence, Incident Response or working in a Cyber Defense Center
Knowledge: Broad range of security solutions and technologies (e.g. EDR, NIDS or SIEM) and knowledege of common adversarial behaviour (TTPs, MITRE ATT&CK Framework)
Languages: Very good communication skills in written and spoken English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.