Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Information Security Subject Matter Expert (Network) (m/w/x)
Oberkochen, Jena, München, Portugal
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
The InfoSec Advisory Services team is responsible for advising and consulting on technical information security subjects based on industry best practices. It aims to achieve excellence in providing state-of-the-art security for ZEISS’ processes and tools and helps the business stay one step ahead in matters of IT security. 
Furthermore, the team’s responsibilities include different tasks in vulnerability management as well as operation of ZEISS’ Security Operations Center. 
  As Senior Information Security Subject Matter Expert (Network), you will be responsible for oversight and development of security policies related to Network Security. With a strong background in network security and a deep understanding of information security standards and regulations. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and implementing information security strategies, conducting risk assessments and threat analysis, and overseeing the design of ZEISS standard solutions. Additionally, you will be expected to provide subject matter expertise and guidance to stakeholders on network information security matters. 
  You will 
shape and further develop ZEISS Network Security strategy improving the security policies
coordinate and cooperate with different functions across the enterprise in matters of Network Security, to develop and implement information security strategies, policies, and procedures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the organization's information assets 
oversee the design, implementation, and management of network security systems, including their integration with the security information and event management (SIEM) systems and other security tools 
advice and consult different ZEISS businesses and stakeholders on Network Security end-to-end, from concept to implementation 
support and manage projects that relate to Network Security within the Information Security team 
collaborate with security and network operation teams to ensure alignment and integration of information security initiatives across the organization 
lead your project teams to excellence and be part of a dynamic and motivated team with a passion for Information Security consisting of people of all different experience levels and personalities. 
Ihr Profil
Apprenticeship / professional education / studies in the field of Information Security (Bachelor's or Master's degree) or equivalent combination of education and working experience 
> 7 years of professional experience in a field related to IT-, or Information Security, e. g. Information Security KPIs, Information Security Incident Management, Vulnerability Management, Penetration Testing 
Comprehensive knowledge about Network Security, including in security technologies like firewalls, intrusion detection/prevention systems, network access control or network orchestration tools. 
Ability to work in a structured and independent way with analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills 
Ability to correlate technologies, understand complex environments and business requirements 
Expertise on emerging/brand-new technologies like network identity management or zero trust security 
A stakeholder’s manager who brings a hands-on mentality as well as a goal-oriented mindset  
Sharing your knowledge and know-how to advance the team and work field is in your nature 
Fluent English or German language skills, French, Spanish or other languages are of advantage 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.