Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Lead Software Engineer, Modelling - Special Projects Group
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
The Software Platform (SWP) team in Apple’s Special Projects group (SPG) is looking for a software engineer to lead the design, development and integration of tools for large scale production software deployment in the area of autonomous systems. The ideal candidate would have experience applying techniques in Model-based engineering to specify behaviour of programs and support deployment of such programs to distributed real time embedded systems.
Description
As a Lead Software Engineer with the Software Platform team, you will:
Support integration of software (including generated) and tools across multiple cross- functional domains: autonomy algorithms, control systems, platform
Design and implement custom domain-specific languages tools targeting integration of complex, distributed real-time embedded systems.
Implement custom compiler generators to improve developer efficiency.
Design and implement tools to improve developer productivity, workflow consistency, verification/validation and analysis of the overall system.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
5+ years industry experience building large scale production software
Excellent C/C++/Python programming skills.
In-Depth understanding of the architectural and design patterns of real time embedded systems and multithreaded programming.
Knowledge of techniques in Model-Driven Development.
Excellent algorithm development skills.
Excellent communication skills - oral and written.
Excellent collaboration skills.
One or more of the following would be beneficial for the role:
Familiarity with Compiler architectures.
Experience building real time software for robotics, aerospace, or similar systems.
Experience with language workbenches such as XText, ANTLR or JetBrains MPS.
Experience with Interface Description Language (IDL) tools like flatbuffers, capnproto, protobuf or avro.
Experience building languages and code generation tools for safety critical embedded software development (eg: SCADE)
Demonstrated passion for graph algorithms, compilers and optimisers.
Education and Experience
BS or MS in CS/EE/CE or equivalent experience
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €