Jobs by email
ETAS
Automotive Security Consultant (f/m/div.)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 12 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to ETAS
Founded in 1994, ETAS GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Robert Bosch GmbH with international sales offices in Europe, North and South America, and Asia. ETAS' portfolio includes vehicle basic software, middleware, and development tools for the realization of software-defined vehicles. „Empowering Tomorrow’s Automotive Software“ – all our product solutions and services are focused on this to enable vehicle manufacturers and suppliers to develop and operate software-defined vehicles with increased efficiency. Holistic cybersecurity solutions in the automotive sector are offered via the ESCRYPT brand.
The ETAS GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Berlin
Your tasks
Consulting from concept to implementation of security solutions and architectures in the automotive domain - from design phase to SOP ("Start of Production")
Defining and implementing management systems (ISO21434, ISO27001)
Conduct trainings with a focus on automotive security engineering processes for our customers
Consulting and implementation of project-specific security engineering processes
Perform gap-assessments
Presentation of results to customers
Your profile
Academic degree in a technical or scientific subject: IT security, computer science, electrical engineering.
Know-how in the areas of Security Consulting, Automotive Cyber Security, Automotive technologies
Outstanding professional presence with excellent communication and presentation skills in English and one other language
You act independently, anticipate and integrate internally as well as externally with the customer
Recognized by clients and peers as collaborative, detail-oriented, analytical, and perseverant
Know-how in relevant regulations and standards:
information security (e.g., ISO/IEC 2700x)
automotive security (e.g. ,UN R 155, ISO/SAE 21434)
Knowledge of auditing or implementing security management systems (e.g. ISMS, CSMS) is a plus
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ETAS
Ullsteinstraße 120, 12109 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -