Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Agile Enterprise Coach Bosch Digital (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As Agile Enterprise Coach  
… you are working on our Agile organization and develop it further on; thus, you are accountable for continuously improving the Agile governance, coaching the Bosch Digital senior leadership team, establishing sustainable agile ways of working as well as strengthening our Agile mindset. 
Steering:  
You work “on” the organization, not “in” it. 
You establish & synchronize agile and lean principles, processes, methods, and mindset in and across organizational units. 
You assess and increase agile maturity within the organization focusing on improving the business outcomes for our customers.
You prepare and facilitate Annual Business & Quarterly Business Review  (ABR/QBR) events.
You train ABR/QBR participants in applying TIES, OKRs and KPIs correctly. 
Leadership:
You coach and mentor the organization (with focus on Alliance as well as Tribe Leads) to live agile principles and agile ways of working.
You support and enable Alliance and Tribe Leads to define TIES, OKRs, KPIs, as well as ABR/QBR memos.
You drive transparency and outcome focus within the leadership team.
Collaboration:
You build and foster agile community building in the organization through various formats.
You foster goal-oriented collaboration within Bosch Digital.
You are in close alignment with other Agile Enterprise and Team Coaches in the organization.  
Agile Role Model:  
You drive change, transformation activities and events towards an agile organization.
You act as a role model for an open, transparent, and human-centered working culture, live and drive agile values.
You promote continuous improvement and learning, bring in new ideas and challenge the status quo.
Your profile
Your personality:
Positive, entrepreneurial, agile, and future oriented mindset
Strong moderator and coach
Empathic, resilient, observant and servant leader
Proactive, positive and assertive attitude
Your experience and know-how:  
Extensive leadership experience in organizational development, systems thinking, change management and culture development
Business Responsibility or P&L Ownership
Experience in creating and working in an agile environment with agile methodologies
Experience in designing and conducting workshops (also virtually)
Broad experience in stakeholder management on senior executive level
Understanding of team dynamics and human behavior
Ability to communicate on all organizational levels 
Your educational background:
Completed studies (master's degree/diploma) with software and digital relevance
Your language skills: 
Fluency in English
Fluency in German is an asset
What we offer
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.