Jobs by email
Jobs via StepStone.be
International Lead Generation Specialist (m/f/d)
Bruxelles
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
I'm interested
Save
StepStone:
Stepstone Global Operations is a small team standing at the heart of Stepstone Group. Our mission is to drive value and accelerate global sales across the Group by enabling the Sales teams with training, advice, guidance, complex problem-solving, reporting, product innovation, and by generating and dispatching leads.
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. Please let us know, if we e.g., should use a gender-neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices, or we should plan for more time during the application process.
We are now looking for an ambitious Lead Generation Specialist who can help us achieve our goals, by developing and coordinating lead gen initiatives, evaluate and prioritize various optimization projects, thanks to their excellent analytical and technical skills.
Your tasks
Key responsibilities
Manage and optimize the existing lead generation campaigns: set up, follow-up and evaluation.
Develop and execute lead generation strategies: identifying target markets and researching potential customers.
Work closely with the Sales teams and to ensure a smooth transition from lead to customer.
Building and developing trustworthy relationships through regular communication and follow-up with the Sales leaders and Sales Operations teams withing the Stepstone Group companies, in the targeted markets.
Analyze data to determine the effectiveness of lead generation campaigns and make recommendations for improvement.
Sales support: manage the day-to-day operations of Stepstone Global (responding to general sales queries, complex problem-solving, approving global offers as per the rules in place, checking different reports to provide accurate figures for forecasting purposes, etc)
Your profile
Experience and Requirements
Minimum 3 years of proven experience with lead generation and other analytics tools.
You are naturally curious, sociable, embraces challenge, and are willing to take charge and go above and beyond to help your (local and international) peers.
You have strong attention to detail and an analytical mind, are proactive, and have technical skills.
You are always looking for ways to improve upon how you fulfill your duties.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills.
Highly adaptable, able to work well in a cross-cultural environment.
You embrace mistakes and own them and treat them as a learning opportunity.
English is a must.
What we offer
Our offer
A competitive salary package with many social benefits (group and hospital insurance, meal vouchers, eco checks, etc...)
20 days of legal leave + 10 ADV days + 9 recovery days
A hybrid working model with regular international contact
Superb offices in the heart of Brussels, with gym, baby-foot and yoga/table tennis areas
As a company, we love to laugh and have fun too. This helps us go that extra mile because we care about what we do.
Interested? You can simply apply by clicking the I'm interested button.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Jobs via StepStone.be
1000 Bruxelles, Belgium