Jobs by email
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Business Consultant Distribution & ATP (m/f/d)
München, Dillingen an der Donau, Giengen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Tomorrow is our home.
See how easy it is to explore new ideas at BSH Home Appliances Group: As a leading manufacturer of home appliances, we improve people’s quality of life by thinking in solutions. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff as well as our local brands, we explore innovative technologies from voice recognition to artificial intelligence. As we utilize these to create new user experiences, we think, prototype, build – and keep on learning. Join us now and give your career a home.
Business Consultant Distribution & ATP (m/f/d)
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Full time |
Munich, Dillingen a.d.Donau, Giengen
Your responsibilities
With our connected products and services, we offer an outstanding user experience. Do you want to accelerate our industry’s digital transformation? Then you have come to the right place! Exciting projects and varied tasks await you, including
Work in an agile, global team on exciting solutions for distribution processes
Consult business to continuously improve and adopt the global business solution
Develop concepts for IT solutions&architectures and implementation of complex business requirements based on a SAP environment and further subsystems
Establish consistent end-to-end processes with a high degree of complexity in a critical production environment
Coordinate complex IT projects or change requests
Your profile
Degree in Information Technology, Business Informatics, Business Administration or equivalent
Several years of work experience in SAP business consultancy with focus in SAP ATP business functions
Comprehensive process knowledge of supply chain processes and SAP ATP business functions
Fluent in English and also in German mandatory
Available to travel (national and international)
Your benefits
Modern and diverse working methods
Individual development programs
International perspectives and diverse career opportunities
Attractive, employer-funded company pension plan
Flexible working time schemes and mobile working
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates