Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Consultant HR IT (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
We are Bosch Digital. Our mission is to shape the digital future of Bosch together with our business divisions. We invent, code and create digital products, services and solutions that spark enthusiasm and improve quality of life. Bosch Digital is home to more than 10,000 unique and diverse talents around the world. Our agile mindset and working culture are a key driver of digital transformation at Bosch and gives both our associates and their ideas room to grow.
You work as an IT process expert in an international team with a high level of motivation and engagement.
You are responsible for the consulting business interface role in regards with HR IT Solutions.
You defines solution scope of change requests/user stories.
You coordinate support topics directly with the vendor.
You develop and implement of concepts/changes in HR IT Solutions.
Your profile
Education: Completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in Information Technology, Computer Science or comparable subject
Personality: Communicative, creative and team player
Working Practice: Analytic, structured and independent
Experience: Several years of working practise in working within international IT projects (preferably for cloud-based solutions) as part of a agile multicultural, virtual team)
Knowledge: Profound knowledge of SAP HCM, Expertise with mapping business requirements into IT specifications, very good understanding of compliance and data security topics
Languages: Very good communication skills in written and spoken German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.