NETCONOMY GmbH
Java Software Developer (m/f/d)
Dortmund, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
As a leading expert for Digital Platform Building and Customer Experience Innovation, NETCONOMY is shaping the digital leadership of its clients. We help brands to build flexible and scalable digital platforms, with top-notch technologies by SAP, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure. NETCONOMY has 20 years of experience and employs close to 500 professionals across Europe. By introducing and driving innovation initiatives around customer experience, we support clients on the road of expanding their core business in the digital world.
Your Job
You specify and design optimal technical solutions and take care about documentation
You work with established frameworks and platforms (e.g. SAP Commerce, Spring/Boot)
You help with database modeling and optimization
You apply modern container and cluster technologies (Docker and Kubernetes)
You develop innovative and sustainable software solutions with agile methods (Scrum)
You contribute to continuous improvement of quality in the team and company
You work closely together with the Product Owner and Scrum Master
Your Skills
You have at least 3 years of experience in object-oriented software development with Java and JEE
You finished your technical education with a focus on informatics (TU, FH, or similar degree)
You know modern web technologies (e.g. HTML, CSS, JavaScript, REST, XML, JSON)
You have basic database knowledge (e.g. modeling, SQL)
You have knowledge of established frameworks and platforms (e.g. Spring/Boot; SAP Commerce is beneficial)
You enjoy software development and you are always interested in new developments
You have excellent English skills (B2/C1), German skills are a benefit
Our Offer
Choose whether you want to join our team in Graz, Vienna, Klagenfurt, Berlin or Dortmund
Benefit from a wide range of training or foster your talent in our in-house NETCADEMY
Prove your team spirit at weekly social events & celebrate milestones together with your colleagues. It´s on us!
Early bird or night owl? Thanks to our flexible working models you start your work day when and where it fits you best
Take on your social responsibility with us and join various projects such as our NETCONOMY Charity Run
Whether in the chillout lounge at the pool table or in our modern furnished workspaces - our stunning offices keep you motivated
Best-tech equipment, a mobility subsidy, discounts at our partner companies and all the other standard stuff you would expect
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Sabbatical
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.