Jobs by email
ING Deutschland
IT Area Lead (f/m/x) Mobile
Frankfurt, Hannover, Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
The ING is Germany’s third largest retail bank.
  IT Area Lead (f/m/x) Mobile in Frankfurt, Hannover or Nürnberg
  We want to make mobile banking even better for our more than 9 million customers. With motivated teams and state-of-the-art technology. You are always up to date on technology issues, you enjoy working internationally and you have already been able to consolidate your team leading skills? Is mutual appreciation and communication at eye level just as important to you as it is to us? Perfect! Our IT Area Mobile is already waiting to rise to the next level under your leadership!
Your Tasks:
You combine business, tech and customer requirements into a consistent and convincing vision for our mobile banking. How? By translating roadmaps, epics and features together with enterprise and domain architects into a growth strategy and by conveying our values with an employee-oriented leadership style. Sustainability is as high on your priority list as quality. To do this, you bring in your IT chapter leads, engineers and architects as well as the relevant stakeholders, promote curious knowledge management and keep an eye on business goals and requirements. You motivate our agile teams to perform at their best, strive to continuously improve a reliable, fast, and efficient delivery organisation and eliminate redundancies. With your distinctive expertise and up-to-date know-how, you are a sought-after contact person for the Tribe Lead in all IT topics.
Your Profile:
University degree at master level in computer science or a comparable qualification
Several years of professional experience in application development, ideally in the development of highly scalable, business-critical applications
IT and innovation enthusiastic, esp. in the topic of mobile
Solid experience in the agile management of employees, executives and teams, in personnel development and in project management
Analytical and conceptual way of thinking
Very good presentation and communication skills in German and English
We offer many benefits
Company pension plan, capital-building offers, regional public transportation ticket & bicycle leasING, company restaurant
Remote working depending on the position and department and in line with the company, regulatory and legal requirements; individualized work schedule models, sabbatical, subsidization of nursing & childcare costs
Personal budget for continuing education and development as well as health; plus, a personal budget to set up your mobile working space
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.