Jobs by email
Hexagon Technology Center GmbH
Algorithm Design Engineer (m/f/d)
Heerbrugg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
About Us
Hexagon is a leading provider of digital reality solutions and employs more than 24,000 people in 50 countries. You will be part of a strong, experienced, inspiring and motivated team of experts driving the future of Hexagon. You will use and develop your skills in our highly innovative and diverse environment.
Flexible working models allow you to ideally combine work and private interests.
Committed and with passion for precision we create digital reality solutions combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies to empower a sustainable future.
With competence and consequence our electrical engineers evaluate and design high-tech solutions for first-class precision measuring instruments. From drafting analog and digital electronic circuits to carrying out design simulations: The interdisciplinary field of electronics is your passion? Join our team and make your visions come true!
This appeals to you
Driving software development with an emphasis on embedded platforms
Participation in design and analysis of system concepts and architectures
Optimization and efficient implementation of algorithms for μC and SoC FPGAs
Applying best practices, methodologies, and tools to deliver quality results
Involvement in technical decision making
Being part of a team developing a broad range of cutting-edge sensors & systems
This is you
University-level qualification (Master or PhD) in software engineering, electronics, or comparable work experience
Strong SW development skills (e. g. C, C++, Matlab, Python)
Mathematical skills that allow you to understand advanced algorithms
Knowledge of FPGAs/SoCs, embedded sensors & systems is an advantage
Eager to learn and support projects in a wide range of technology fields
Communicative person who enjoys working in an interdisciplinary and international team
Fluent spoken and written English with good spoken German an advantage
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Hexagon Technology Center GmbH
9435 Heerbrugg, Schweiz