Jobs by email
Porsche eBike Performance GmbH
Embedded Software Engineer (m/f/d)
Ottobrunn
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
At the headquarters in Ottobrunn near Munich, the Porsche eBike Performance GmbH develops and produces advanced drive systems for two brands: FAZUA with the focus on pioneering compact lightweights for agile e-bikes and under the brand name Porsche exceptionally powerful drive systems. FAZUA is a young, ambitious brand that has transformed the cycling industry in 2017 with its innovative drive system for agile, compact, lightweight (and extremely good looking) e-bikes. Since July 2022, we are a part of the Porsche eBike Performance GmbH. Our diverse, open-minded, ambitious (and fun) team is constantly seeking new, inspiring talents who will help us push boundaries to shape the future of e-bike technology.
    Ihre Aufgaben
 You design and implement features for all our modules (HMI, motor, sensor…)
You research, design and implement future technologies
You create and update documentation of the development and testing
You support the hardware design team
You support external partners to follow our requirements
Ihr Profil
You completed a technical degree: electrical engineering, telecommunication, computer science or similar field
You have experience in working with embedded systems
You have experience with C
You will convince us if you have knowledge in CAN, I2C, BLE, ARM cortex-M, FreeRTOS, Git, Linux, Python, physics.
You have a responsible, accurate and independent working style.
You are a creative and analytical thinker
You speak fluent English 
  Wir bieten
We are a diverse and international team of creative minds, passionate bike nerds, and progressive thinkers
You will see your ideas taking shape quickly: bring in your thoughts, challenge the status quo and see innovations being implemented soon
You can work remotely from home equipped with top hardware. Yet, in Ottobrunn, right on the outskirts of Munich, our headquarters also feature nice rooms, a huge terrace, and the best colleagues
Our location in the jaw-dropping Bavarian landscape offers a fantastic surrounding for rides. Take the chance to lease your dream bike on JobRad or simply grab one of our test bikes if available
We try to live sustainability in everything we do – instead of just talking about it
We are supportive of further education and foster ambitions of growth within the company
We believe in regeneration and agility. Therefore, we offer 30 days of vacation for you to fuel up and find new inspiration 
  Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Porsche eBike Performance GmbH
Marie-Curie-Str. 6, 85521 Ottobrunn, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company medical officer
Home office
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.