Jobs by email
BAUHAUS
(Junior) Cloud DevOps Engineer (m/f/d)
Mannheim
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 16 hours ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
The Digital Commerce division is committed to digitalization as a means of creating a networked BAUHAUS of the future. Our focus is always on the customer and we aim to create the perfect digital shopping experience. An agile working environment, innovative solutions and committed employees drive the business - and the best indication of this is the company's success: With over 270 specialist centers in 19 countries and one of the top 50 online stores in Germany, BAUHAUS is one of the most successful players in Europe. And we look forward to being even better with your help!
Aufgaben
Your role:
As (Junior) Cloud DevOps Engineer (m/f/d) in our Product Team Integration & Tooling you contribute to the automization and technical infrastructure of our central API gateway and data mesh approach
You support our product teams and share your knowledge of our central API gateway in the google Cloud regarding the API lifecycle
You are responsible for establishing new automatizations to get metrics and key figures of our services in a cloud database and visualize them to central dashboards (DataStudio/Looker) for different consumers
You support your team which is responsible for a technical business layer, focused on performance and scalability
You are part of an agile team and follow agile principles with a strong focus on value creation
You actively contribute to open source projects and promote quality in our internal engineering community
Profil
Your profile:
Proven track record in the operation and development of APIs and sound understanding of cloud native software development
Good know-how in using technologies such as REST, openAPI, gcp (BigQuery, data mesh), Apigee
Experience with pipelining (GitHub Actions) and automatization tools (e.g. Terraform, Ansible)
You actively share your knowledge and drive knowledge transfer within our division
Very good English skills, good German skills are an advantage as well as a strong focus on teamwork
Unser Angebot
Our offer:
The possibility of working 90% remotely, 30 days paid vacation and a good work-life balance
A challenging role in a family owned business with an agile working environment, state-of-the-art technologies as well as personal and professional development opportunities
Permanent employment contract and attractive remuneration
Attractive location in the heart of the Rhine-Neckar metropolitan region with free parking and a company restaurant
Unique pension plan with attractive employer contributions
Further additional benefits including asset accumulation benefits or special conditions for occupational disability insurance
A day care center in close proximity to the company with family-friendly care services
Shopping discounts through the BAUHAUS employee card
Welcome to #TeamBAUHAUS.
Click here for your online application!
BAUHAUS is looking forward to receiving your application.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BAUHAUS
68167 Mannheim, Deutschland
Certificates