Jobs by email
ZEISS
IT-Application Specialist Product Information Management (m/w/x)
Oberkochen, D-PLZ 73, D-PLZ 80
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 11 hours ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
As IT-Application Specialist Product Information Management, you will be the owner with global responsibility for applications with focus on Product Information Management (PIM).
You will ensure the holistic process of optimal application operation, from the initialization and implementation as well as operation to the analysis of errors and faults, to their elimination, to the monitoring of the applications as well as the execution of functional tests. IT project management and coordination of changes and enhancements and advise users on all questions regarding the software and its interfaces is also a key responsibility in this role.
Your responsibilities will include:
Execution of small to medium sized IT projects. Working on project tasks and participating in the global implementation of application interfaces.
Ensuring the operation of the application(s) in accordance with the contract SLA and business requirements. Provide Second and Third Level Support to all global ZEISS users. Act as global contact person for all users of the application(s).
Elaboration, planning and execution of integration and UAT tests within the scope of the implementation of the above-mentioned technical solution.
Ihr Profil
You have a degree in business informatics, computer science, or similar or have completed vocational training in the IT field with further training as an IT professional and relevant professional experience
You have experience in application management and support as well as knowledge in (digital) marketing, automation, product information management and practical experience in agile IT project management
Good knowledge of SaaS and cloud solutions as well as REST API's
Solid knowledge of XML, XLST, HTML and CSS
Ideally knowledge in the programming languages VBA, C#.NET or Java, Python, PHP
Secure communication and presentation skills
Business fluent in German and English, both written and spoken
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Björn Fabian Scheben
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.