Jobs by email
Leica Geosystems AG
Cloud Services Product Engineer (f/m/d)
Heerbrugg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 hours ago
Save
About Us
Hexagon is a leading provider of digital reality solutions and employs more than 24,000 people in 50 countries. You will be part of a strong, experienced, inspiring and motivated team of experts driving the future of Hexagon. You will use and develop your skills in our highly innovative and diverse environment.
Flexible working models allow you to ideally combine work and private interests.
Committed and with passion for precision we create digital reality solutions combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies to empower a sustainable future.
In our company, you can develop concepts and designs for smart software applications in international as well as cross-sectoral teams, and bring our products to life. With a high attention to detail and level of motivation, you support us in meeting all customer requirements. Join our team and make your visions come true!
Deine Aufgaben
This appeals to you
Be part of multicultural and agile product management team driving innovation in the field of cloud services for the surveying, engineering, and construction industries
Specify and describe the user interaction for supporting workflows across field, office and web application
Drive the improvement and development of the cloud service products as a member of a cross-location team
Prioritization of the product backlog as product owner to provide guidance for an agile development team
Guide the test automation team and track the quality status of the application
Provide second line support to our worldwide sales and support network
Dein Profil
This is you
A Bachelor or Master degree in Geomatics, Computer Science, GIS, or other related fields
Tech-savvy and a eager to extend your knowledge
Experience in Agile development is a plus
Experience in MDM, IoT, Cloud, DB technology is a plus
Experience With technologies/projects connecting/managing/supporting remote devices
Excellent communication skills and an entrepreneurial mindset
Business and Customer-/ Service-oriented thinking
Ability to work independently across a variety of cultures
Flair for precise communication to phrase and translate ideas into written documents
Very good spoken and written English is a must.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Leica Geosystems AG
9435 Heerbrugg, Schweiz
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.