Jobs by email
B. Braun Melsungen AG
Senior Release and Software Platform Engineer (f/m/d)
Freiburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
You're an important part of our future. Hopefully, we're also a part of yours! At B. Braun, we protect and improve the health of people worldwide. As a Corporate Start-Up based in Freiburg, Germany, B. Braun New Ventures takes a lead role in the digital transformation of healthcare. With a young and fast-growing team, we develop solutions to automate medical procedures across various business areas. Our goal is to augment caregivers' eyes, hands and decision making with sensors, robotics and artificial intelligence. Our cloud platform team is focused on creating corporate-wide solutions that will drive the next generation of B. Braun's digital products and connected devices. The technologies and products we develop create new treatment possibilities, enable sharing of clinical experience and result in better patient care.
Senior Release and Software Platform Engineer (f/m/d)
Reference Code DE-462023-77812
In this scope we are searching for a Senior Release and Software Platform Engineer (f/m/d) to work within our R&D team.
Duties and responsibilities
You ensure and develop the infrastructure and necessary processes for regular automated releases together with our DevOps Engineers and Test Engineers
You ensure stabilization with a focus on integration and configuration management together with our domain teams
You drive regular software releases from components to installation images to enable automated deployment on our hardware prototypes for testing
You create and maintain Debian-based operating system images including third-party dependencies together with our DevOps and Software Engineers
You work in a scrum team collaborating with other software developers as well as with software architects, robotics engineers, system engineers, UX engineers, quality engineers and product owners
You will comply with medical software standards and have the responsibility of developing, integrating and validating your own software modules
noch zu definieren durch B.Braun
Professional competencies
Profound engineering background with a minimum of 3 years industrial experience in developing complex software within a team
Experience in regularly releasing software to the customer, with configuration management tools (e.g. Ansible) and DevOps
Experience with Debian-based operating systems, package management, C++ development and knowledge about modern C++
Experience in any of the technologies we currently use (C++, JavaScript, Python, Qt, OpenCV, ROS2, GTest/GMock, Git, Azure DevOps, Linux, and RT Linux) would be a plus
Working experience in a regulated field (medical, aerospace, automotive) would be a plus
Personal competencies
Innovation mindset with enthusiasm for high-tech medical products
Excellent team player
Hands-on executer with a finisher mindset
Fluent in English
Fluent in German would be a plus
Was wir bieten
What we offer
Become part of a corporate culture that fosters accountability, diversity, and trust within a dynamic family-owned company. Combine the agility of a corporate start-up with the opportunities and securities of a global med tech leader. Work on cutting edge technologies that improve people's lives and interact directly with caregivers. Have creative leeway and role autonomy to drive your development. Experience flat hierarchies and fast decision making. Be part of a highly motivated international team.
Benefits
Flexible and family oriented working hours and hybrid working between office and home
A brand-new modern office optimized for concentration and collaboration with an integrated high-tech simulation operating room and generous social areas and creativity zones
High quality of life in one of Germany's most attractive cities
Your next step
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
B. Braun Melsungen AG
79110 Freiburg im Breisgau, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.