Jobs by email
Studydrive GmbH
Software Engineer – Full-stack (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About the job:
Studydrive is Europe’s leading student platform! With more than 2.5 million registered students, we are transforming the education market. For our users, we are an integral part of their daily lives, as they find direct access to their fellow students, helpful learning materials and all the answers to their most important questions about their studies. 
At the same time, we offer our corporate customers unique access to the largest pool of young talent in Europe. We are an indispensable partner in recruiting and employer branding of junior staff and are constantly developing new formats for attracting young talents with the most renowned companies in Germany. 
We started as a start-up in 2013 and have been part of the successful and international StepStone and Axel Springer Group since 2019. 
As  Software Engineer - Full-stack you will become a central and important part of our further success story and the Studydrive team in Berlin-Neukölln. 
What are your tasks?
 Develop the Studydrive platform for web, both on front- and back-end, in a micro-service oriented development framework  
Work with your small web team in the context of the community domain that focuses on user management and content distribution 
Collaborate with designers, QA engineers and product managers to develop new features and continuously improve the code base related to your specific business domain 
Proactively bring in your own ideas and potential improvements, while learning and introducing new technologies to improve our tech stack 
Kill bugs, monitor the platform performance and maintain the underlying infrastructure 
Keep software quality in check via automated front- and back-end testing 
Shape internal coding standards 
Create technical documentation in Jira, Swagger and Storybook 
What are you throwing in:
You have solid knowledge in Vue.js and Laravel framework as these are our main technologies 
You have work experience in software engineering, with PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, HTML and CSS as the base stack  
You are familiar with design patterns and best practices linked to software engineering 
You know how to write clear, concise and comprehensive code 
You have worked with Git and know all the cool commands 
You are familiar with the Scrum framework 
Nice to have: You have experience with TypeScript and automated testing  
You have excellent written and verbal communication skills in English 
This is what we offer:
Awaiting you is a full-time employment position with an unlimited contract  
You get 30 vacation days per year 
Flexible working hours and home-office opportunities 
We’ll support your professional growth with a budget for conferences, books, courses, or however you see fit + 4 study-days a year to make time for your self-improvement 
To help you with your expenses, you get a starting budget of €50 a month for a category of your choice: Vouchers, Transportation, Internet or Lunch. Additionally, we offer corporate benefits for a huge range of online shops. 
Don’t speak German? Totally fine, as our company language is English. And in case you decide to improve your language skills, we offer free German classes as well 
Want to remember what an office looks like from the inside? You are welcome to work in our unique office in the historic "Alte Post" in Berlin-Neukölln, where we offer drinks, snacks, cozy sofas, a huge kitchen and a very nice rooftop, perfect for after work BBQs 
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Studydrive GmbH
Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.