Jobs by email
ZEISS
Product Security Officer Health Data Platform (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 23 hours ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
As Product Security Officer (PSO) for the Health Data Platform, you prioritize information security and privacy during the design, development, and operation of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Heath Data Platform. You closely cooperate with the Senior Information Security Manager for Digital Products at ZEISS Medical Technology.
You ensure that all information security and data privacy requirements are incorporated in newly developed digital products in the Health Data Platform.
You ensure compliance with an appropriate level of information security and data privacy; they need to collaborate and align with various business, development, quality, regulatory, data privacy and operations teams on a global, overall corporate level.
As PSO you perform security reviews, identifies security architecture gaps, and develops a security risk management plan.
You ensure that the acquired or developed system(s) and architecture(s) are consistent with the organization's information security architecture guidelines.
You define and document how implementing a new system or new interfaces between systems impacts the security posture of the current environment.
You develop information security requirements that describe baseline and target architectures and support enterprise mission needs
Ihr Profil
Education:
Bachelor or master’s degree in computer science/engineering plus additional relevant information security certifications (e.g., CSSLP, CISSP or other relevant)
Experience:
At least five years of experience in information security in an agile development environment (international scope of advantage)
Product lifecycle experience (digital healthcare products is a plus)
Working with cloud native product development teams.
Knowledge / Skills / Other characteristics:
Ability to serve as the main point of contact between the enterprise architect and the security engineer and coordinates with system owners and other stakeholders on the assignment of security controls.
Skill in determining how a security system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, or the environment will affect these outcomes.
Working on enterprise, cloud-native projects
Proactive communication skills
Experience in working on an international level
English fluent
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Steffen Volk
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.