Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
DevOps Engineer for AI Technologies (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 22 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As DevOps Engineer you design, build and run new systems and services in the area of AI Technology and Engineering, as well as design, set up and maintain monitoring, metrics and reporting systems for fine-grained observability and actionable alerting.
While working embedded in a team or support in short-term consulting engagements and applying core SRE principals and practices, you support the program lead in shaping the strategic portfolio of CI services.
Part of your work entails organizing / leading technical Readiness Reviews for an IT product or solution; designing and realizing monitoring / dashboard visualizations (e.g., Error Budgets) and, as needed, conducting Blameless Postmortems.
You design and help realize Technical Automation and Support Distributed IT Systems with advanced, technical troubleshooting skills and further coach teams on a variety of SRE practices.
Lastly, you influence architectural decisions to improve solution reliability, scalability, performance, and security and provide go/no-go authority for deployments proceeding into production.
Your profile
Education: completed university degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Natural Science or related fields
Personality: resilient, team-oriented
Working Practice: initiative, goal-oriented
Experience: experience in modern IT service deployment tools and/or Infrastructure-as-code approaches (e.g. Terraform, Ansible), in public cloud technologies (e.g. Azure DevOps pipelines) and containerization (e.g. Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes); experience in software development in at least one major programming language (e.g. Python)
Knowledge: knowledge of foundational SRE practices; good understanding of approaches and challenges in AI development and MLOps; basic understanding of ITIL/IT Business Process Management; technical understanding of core infrastructure components; knowledge of pipeline developments (CI/CD)
Enthusiasm: high-level software programming as well as general scripting skills; personal and technical leadership skills that can reach across teams to organize postmortems and achieve long-term resolutions
Languages: good English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.