Jobs by email
Mercedes Pay GmbH
IT Cloud Architect Payment Solutions (f/m/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002FL0
Tasks
WHAT WE DO
Pay directly from the car: Mercedes pay supports, among other things, in-car payments as well as payment processing via app and in the web shop.
We want customers’ contact with Mercedes pay and the payment transactions on the global platform to be as seamless as possible. We are also developing exciting new payment products and solutions to provide customers with an even better user and payment experience.
WHO WE ARE
Mercedes pay GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG. Mercedes pay plays a fundamental part in the mobility and digitalisation strategy of Mercedes-Benz Group AG. We operate the central payment processing platform and act as the competence centre for payments at Mercedes-Benz.
Mercedes pay launched in its first market in September 2018. We are now active in more than 40 countries on five continents, processing transactions for Mercedes-Benz products and services. Depending on the market, Mercedes pay may process transactions from Mercedes me connect store, the Mercedes me app, in-car payments or even supporting online vehicle sales.
WHAT YOU WILL DO:
You will work in a people-focused environment of openness, diversity and constant learning
You will complete the operations team to keep our global payment platform awesome
You will shape the digital revolution by incubating new payment products
You will drive in the IT-operations seat during roll-outs of existing products to new markets and use-cases
You will set-up, maintain and constantly improve our AWS cloud resources in infrastructure-as-code
You will own the release- and stage management as well as the connected CI/CD pipelines
You will co-create within the network of Mercedes-Benz IT-specialists and external provides
You will ensure compliance of all operational products with Daimler policies and external laws and regulations
Qualifications
WHAT WE EXPECT
You "burn" for IT, you are open-minded and highly motivated to bring in your own perspective
You have successfully completed your studies in the field of business or gained equivalent work experience
You have strong quantitative, problem solving and analytical skills
You have a good understanding of cloud service architecture best-practices as well as writing infratructure-as-code with Terraform, Helm, …
You have some knowledge about IT-security best-practices
You have experience in software programming (eg Java), git scm and the Atlassian Toolchain (JIRA, Confluence, ServiceDesk)
You have fluent business English skills (German optional)
WHAT WE OFFER
Modern and dynamic work environment
Flexible and mobile working
Attractive fitness offer
Numerous employee discounts
Excellent infrastructure
This is a full-time job (also suitable for part-time). We particularly welcome applications from disabled persons. Please apply online via www.group.mercedes-benz.com/ca re ers (ID: MER0002FL0). For ques tions, please don’t hesitate to contact the HR Team of Mercedes pay GmbH: career_mercedespay@mercedes-benz.com.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes Pay GmbH
70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland