Jobs by email
SCHOTT Pharma AG & Co. KGaA
(Senior) Production IT Engineer*
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
SCHOTT is a leading international technology group in the areas of specialty glass and glass-ceramics. With more than 130 years of outstanding development, materials and technology expertise we offer a broad portfolio of high-quality products and intelligent solutions. SCHOTT is an innovative enabler for many industries, including the home appliance, pharmaceutical, electronics, optics, life sciences, automotive and aviation industries. SCHOTT strives to play an important part of everyone's life and is committed to innovation and sustainable success. The parent company, SCHOTT AG, has its headquarters in Mainz (Germany) and is solely owned by the Carl Zeiss Foundation. As a foundation company, SCHOTT assumes special responsibility for its employees, society and the environment.
Become #oneofus - and start your career at SCHOTT.
Because human health matters: Join a team where your visions, your creativity and our mutual collaboration can make a difference contributing to something as meaningful as saving lives. At SCHOTT Pharma, we design solutions to ensure medicines are safe and easy to use for people around the world. Today, we play an essential role in delivering a COVID-19 vaccine to hospitals and patients.
You are a reliable and flexible team player whose strength is to have a good understanding of production processes in combination with IT? With your structured working style and your process and result oriented thinking, you are interested in being responsible for our production IT systems?
Then, you might be just the ONE, we're looking for. Join us as (Senior) Production IT Engineer* for our Business Unit Pharma, located in Mainz.
The organization Production IT belongs to our Technology division and is the global interface between local operations and harmonized IT systems. The Production IT provides governance for worldwide standardization and fulfillment of regulatory requirements of IT systems in the areas of production, quality and plant maintenance. In your role, you closely collaborate with colleagues from all over the world within our BU Pharma as well as Corporate Operational Technology and Central IT.
Your Contribution
You are responsible for the design and coordination of implementation of Production IT systems, continuous improvement as well as support of validation and local installations
You maintain a solid project-portfolio-management to envision a roadmap for Production IT systems in your ownership. In this context, you initiate, lead, execute and/or participate in pilot projects for digitalization and global rollouts
You, as global owner for the assigned Production IT systems, are in charge of the communication to all relevant stakeholders and the respective demand & change management
You provide and/or review user requirements, functional and technical specifications as well as additional documentation. Furthermore, you consult the process and organizational design as well as scout technologies and test prototypes. Moreover, you set-up and monitor adherence to service level agreements with suppliers
You support the development and update of a coherent global data model across all Production IT systems. An important part is the (re-)design of data exchange between systems with special focus on data integrity
Your Profile
University Degree in IT or business administration, engineering, natural sciences, computer science or similar
Minimum 5 years of professional experience in IT / Production IT / Project management in IT in a regulated environment (pharmaceutical industry)
Deep knowledge of SCADA, MES, CAQ as well as GxP and Data Integrity
Decent understanding of Manufacturing, Plant Maintenance and Quality Management processes
Strong capabilities of analysis, team spirit and proactive drive of topics, as well as structured working methods and leadership experience with globally distributed teams
Excellent communication skills in English; good language skills in German (spoken and written)
Your Benefits
At SCHOTT, you can expect a unique corporate culture where we emphasize equity, diversity and inclusion. We know: motivated and committed employees are the condition for the success of our company.
Please feel free to contact us
You can expect interesting tasks and challenging projects, as well as motivated and friendly teams in fields that influence our future. Do you want to be successful with us? Then, please send us your application: SCHOTT Pharma AG & Co. KGaA, Human Resources, Marina Schmidt+496131667374
*At SCHOTT, it's your personality that counts - not your gender, your identity, or origin.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
SCHOTT Pharma AG & Co. KGaA
55122 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Extra day off
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.