Jobs by email
ancosys GmbH
IT-Manager (m/w/d)
Pliezhausen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 hours ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Role Description
Nova Global IT department is looking for a local IT manager that will be responsible for the overall IT activities at Nova Chemical Metrology Division (CMD) located in Pliezhausen and Bad Urach, Germany .
The CMD local IT manager position is located in Germany, is a member of the Global IT staff ,and reports to Nova IT Director located in the company HQ in Israel.
The Local IT manager is responsible for the overall IT activities in CMD divisions, including users support, IT infrastructure , Business information systems and implementation of IT local projects.
As a global company, the corporate IT defines the overall standards, policies, and IT landscape & roadmap, while the local IT manager is responsible for the local divisional solutions support & services.
Nova provides insights into process control in the world’s most technologically advanced industry. We employ physics, math, algorithms, software and hardware expertise to redefine the limits of possible in semiconductors’ manufacturing.
We invite you to join our dreamers and winners! Brilliant high- aimers who see impossible as the starting point to exciting challenges, and work together in multidisciplinary global teams to find answers.
We dive deep, into the nanometric and atomic levels, to extract unique insights and provide our customers and partners with crucial decision-making data. Each and every one of us helps redefine what people can achieve through technology.
We simply do things differently. What about you?
Responsibilities
What will you do as CMD local IT manager ?
Overall responsibility for all local IT domains (IT Support , IT Infrastructure & Cyber Security, ERP & and many other Business Apps
Execution of Corporate IT roadmap, by following its standards & policies in each of the IT domains
Work in full cooperation and under the instructions of the Corporate IT and information & Cyber policies
Direct management of IT Help desk TL, who manages team of 3 IT Technicians
Meeting IT Service SLA targets. Plan & execute the improvement activity to meet its targets
ERP (SAP B1) support including “hands on” activity management. e.g : new requirement analysis , bugs & support prioritization, subcontractor management & activity planning follow-up
Team objectives, long & short terms projects & activity plans. Routine follow -up monitoring
IT budget planning, control & expenses approval
Local Vendors & subcontractors management
Main focal point for new IT projects or service requirements. The senior focal point for IT escalation
System analyst for any requirement in the business information system domain
Play a significant role in the future implementation of new ERP project
Requirements
Senior B.Sc. in industrial engineering, programming, project management or similar degree with Minimum 7-10 years work experience
Minimum 3 years of IT management experience in a similar position
Experience in a global company will consider as advantage
Experience in system analysis or process engineering
Good project management skills
Ability to interface with Global multidisciplinary functions
Strong ability in Multi-tasking, prioritizing projects, meeting deadlines and goals
Great communication & collaboration skills
Motivating employees & peers capability. Ability to work in a multi- interfaces organization
Great service orientation
Fluent English and fluent German speaking skills
Our benefits
An open and cooperative corporate culture and a trusting working atmosphere
Flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes
Individual opportunities for further training and varied tasks
Flexible working hours for work-life balance
An attractive and highly modern working environment with ergonomic chairs and height-adjustable desks
Extensive social benefits, company pension scheme, JobRad, allowance for monitor glasses
Mobile working
Fresh fruit and daily free bread roll service
30 days vacation with a 39-hour week
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ancosys GmbH
Siemensstraße 8, 72124 Pliezhausen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Company mobile phone
Home office
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.