Jobs by email
ZEISS
Technical Product Owner Cloud Application (m/f/x)
Aalen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will:
work on international projects in interdisciplinary teams
contribute to software development projects, manage the Product Backlog, the Technical Documentation and support the testing of implemented software features
define and optimize data models and system architectures
define product / system requirements as well as the respective acceptance criteria
improve products and processes constantly and audit their quality world-wide
align with stakeholders from involved business and IT departments
Ihr Profil
You have:
an academic degree in informatics, business information technology or comparable professional experience
ideally gained first working experiences
experience with IT architecture and system specifications
knowledge in different software development and project management methods, especially in agile methods, e.g. SCRUM
interest in deepening your knowledge in IT related topics
understanding of data and how to model databases
a conceptual and entrepreneurial mindset
fluent skills in German and English language
joy in travelling as part of your work
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73431 Aalen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.