Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Engineering Lead DevOps for Mercedes-Benz SoftwareFactory (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V581
Aufgaben
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission
Lead, develop and empower group of software engineers in DevOps domain
Lead team to excellence and to become self directed
Contribute to the concept draft and project initiation, validation of future projects
Empower software engineers by providing best tools for their work
Contribute to the architectural evaluation of projects
Continuous improvement of people and projects in the team
Hiring and being responsible for the professional development of software engineers
Initiate projects by staffing software engineers, providing them guideline to drive the project
Provide meaningful career development path for engineers
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Education
Masters in computer science or equivalent degree
Experience 
Multiple years of experience as a Team Lead
Multiple years of experience in software development using agile methods
Solid experience of programming languages such as Python, Java, C++, Scala, or similar
Several years of experience of establishing CI/CD toolchains and operating them
International/intercultural work experience desirable
Personal skills
Excellent analytical skills and an independent, structured, and target-oriented approach to work
Leader attitude
Personal initiative, commitment, and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
High degree of flexibility
Language skills
Proficient English, German is a plus!
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.