Jobs by email
Infront Financial Technology
Product Owner- Entitlement Systems (m/f/d)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Your tasks
Are you someone who thrives on a good challenge? Do you push beyond the bounds of your best? At Infront we are always learning, always succeeding, and always striving to be in front.
Our Product team needs a driven, experienced Product Owner to lead the charge in developing and delivering powerful trading and connectivity solutions that help financial institutions reach their business goals.
This position can be based in Frankfurt, Germany or Oslo, Norway.
Responsible for vision & roadmap of Infront's proprietary Entitlement System (controls customer access to financial market data).
Bridge between developers and stakeholders.
Backlog management for developers.
Creation of Road items.
Project work.
PI planning.
1st Level support for product related queries.
Creating and execution of SQL queries.
Your profile
Familiar with Agile development methodologies.
SQL knowledge.
Strong communication skills in English.
Creative, solution-oriented way of working.
A team player with analytical skills.
Knowledge of financial market data is an advantage.
What we offer
Infront offers exciting and challenging job opportunities within the financial technology sector. You will be a part of an active social environment with friendly, supportive and highly skilled colleagues. Being part of a company that is built on technological innovation, you will experience great opportunities for personal growth and fulfilling career possibilities in a fast-paced environment. At the same time, we have an informal and relaxed culture based on mutual trust, respect and cooperation.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Infront Financial Technology
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland