Jobs by email
ALLWEILER GmbH
Director IT (m/f/d)
Radolfzell
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
ALLWEILER GmbH – a subsidiary of CIRCOR – is one of the most successful companies of the pump industry worldwide. Our long expertise (since 1860), our high-quality standards in combination with advanced construction and pump technology are the basis for our growth. Our own sales companies and distributors in Europe, USA, Asia, Africa and the Middle East assure a high degree of customer satisfaction.
The Director IT (m/f/d) Pumps EMEA and APAC owns the IT agenda for P-E, collaborating with the business and with IT on its definition and being accountable for its successful execution. The position reports to the VP IT Business Solutions and the VP & GM Industrial Pumps EMEA & APAC”.
Position Summary
Following the above, the main responsibilities are:
Translating the P-E business requirements for IT into concrete execution plans, guide prioritization within the business, and execute, availing yourself of the resources available in your team or within the larger IT organization
Integrating corporate-wide priorities into the prioritization and execution plan for P-E.
Quickly develop a working ‘IT infrastructure’ set-up, which gives P-E much better and quicker support than what is available today
Other responsibilities include:
Act as overall interface between the business and the IT organization, manage expectations of multiple business stakeholders and build strong, collaborative relationships with business clients and IT service owners
Act as an escalation point for major issues with any aspect of service delivery
Work with project managers and clients to ensure project requirements are well understood and documented and approved by all partners
Ensure that effective communication occurs related to service and project delivery. Define, agree to, and report on key service metrics
Track client satisfaction with provided services. Continuously improve, based on feedback from clients.
Work with clients to plan and make sure they understand the relevance and impact of IT changes to their operations
Help the business understand project governance processes including the development of proposals and advance them through the project intake and assessment process
Understand the main business activities for each IT department and business. Be able to determine which IT services are required to complete a business activity
Understand industry – trends, competition, and future direction
Understand what end customer expect from IT services and bring this intelligence to business leaders and decision makers
Understand how services currently offered by IT can be put to best use and create value for the business Lead initiatives that create business value (increased revenue, reduce cost, increase efficiency) for the organization
Leverage knowledge of the business, knowledge of the industry, and knowledge of leading-edge technological solutions to transform the way the business operates and provides services to its customers
Candidate Requirements
10+ years of IT business solutions or technical operational management.  3+ years at the senior manager level
Demonstrated experience managing production ERP application and supporting applications for high availability and technology support, problem management, configuration management, administration and maintenance in a production manufacturing assembly environment
Experience with MS Win Server, MS Office, SQL Server, scripting, and reporting technology in production environments
Knowledge of accounting principles and concepts with business transactions (e.g. inventory, WIP, finished goods, receiving and shipping)
Knowledge and experience with networking and access management concepts and tools
Demonstrated strong interpersonal and communication skills, particularly strong customer skills interacting with key stakeholders
Have a broad understanding of IT and business skills
Demonstrated application of security procedures and their audit results
Displays flexibility in approach to work scope and daily activities to ensure the site and company meets its production and financial goals
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, equivalent or experience will be considered.
We offer
Attractive compensation
Company car
Good development opportunities and career perspectives
Flexible working hours
Company pension scheme
Mobile office
Canteen
Company fitness / Hansefit
Your application
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ALLWEILER GmbH
Radolfzell, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Extra day off
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.