Jobs by email
BioNTech SE
Software Engineer*
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Become a member of the BioNTech Family!
As a part of our team of more than 4.000 pioneers, you will play a key role in developing solutions for some of the most crucial scientific challenges of our age. Within less than a year, we were able to develop our COVID-19 mRNA vaccine following the highest scientific and ethical standards - writing medical history.
We aim to reduce the suffering of people with life-changing therapies by harnessing the potential of the immune system to develop novel therapies against cancer and infectious diseases. While doing so, we are guided by our three company values: united, innovative, passionate. Get in touch with us if you are looking to be a part of creating hope for a healthy future in many people's lives.
Deine Aufgaben
Your main responsibilities are:
* Cooperate on the conception and development of software for Web-, Cloud-, and desktop applications, front- and back-end, user applications or services (Rust, C#, NET Core, ASP.NET Core, JavaScript, docker, WebAssembly, AWS, GitHub, Jira, Microsoft Azure)
* Create documentation of the developed software such as functional specifications, detailed designs and API documentation
* Clarify story details with end-uses and other stakeholders and creates training material for the newly developed software
* Support the creation of project software architecture and design
Dein Profil
What you have to offer.
* Bachelor's and/or master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical discipline
* Expert knowledge in either system or application programming languages, such as C#, rust or C++. At least 2 years of relevant professional experience
* Knowledge of professional software engineering and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and CI/CD
* Knowledge and experience with software development methodologies from agile to waterfall
* Basic understanding of design patterns, object-oriented design, and UML. Experience with programming in regulated environments
* Experience with WebAssembly (WASM), docker, JavaScript, Web UI Frameworks, and/or cloud platforms is an advantage
* Well versed with technical documentation in English
* Team player with ability to work without supervision
Was wir bieten
Benefits for you.
Company Pension Scheme
Childcare
Jobticket
Company Bike
Leave Account
Fitness Courses
Mobile Office
Special Vacation
... and much more.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BioNTech SE
55131 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.