Jobs by email
Studydrive GmbH
Quality Assurance Engineer (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About the job:
Studydrive is Europe’s leading student platform! With more than 2 million registered students, we are transforming the education market. For our users, we are an integral part of their daily lives, as they find direct access to their fellow students, helpful learning materials and all the answers to their most important questions about their studies. 
At the same time, we offer our corporate customers unique access to the largest pool of young talent in Europe. We are an indispensable partner in recruiting and employer branding of junior staff and are constantly developing new formats for attracting young talents with the most renowned companies in Germany. 
We started as a start-up in 2013 and have been part of the successful and international StepStone and Axel Springer Group since 2019.  
As Quality Assurance Engineer you will become a central and important part of our further success story and the Studydrive team in Berlin-Neukölln.  
What are your tasks?
 Review specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback  
Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test plans and test cases  
Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities  
Cooperate with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements  
Play a crucial role in establishing professional quality assurance processes  
Stay up to date with new testing tools and test strategies
What are you throwing in:
 You have a solid knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes as well as in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases  
You are proficient in test management tools like TestRail 
You have experience with test automation tools such as Selenium or Robot Framework 
You have good understanding of modern web (HTML, CSS, HTTP, SSL, etc.) and experience with DB (SQL queries) 
You are familiar with working in Agile/Scrum environments 
You have gained some knowledge of performance testing tools like JMeter 
You have knowledge in backend/API service testing using POSTMAN, Swagger 
Nice to have: experience with mobile testing and knowledge of mobile automation testing tool like Appium and experience with any programming language like Python, PHP, JavaScript 
 You have excellent written and verbal communication skills in English  
This is what we offer:
Awaiting you is a full-time employment position with an unlimited contract 
You get 30 vacation days per year 
Flexible working hours and home-office opportunities 
We’ll support your professional growth with a budget for conferences, books, courses, or however you see fit + 4 study-days a year to make time for your self-improvement 
To help you with your expenses, you get a starting budget of €50 a month for a category of your choice: Vouchers, Transportation, Internet or Lunch. Additionally, we offer corporate benefits for a huge range of online shops. 
Don’t speak German? Totally fine, as our company language is English. And in case you decide to improve your language skills, we offer free German classes as well 
Want to remember what an office looks like from the inside? You are welcome to work in our unique office in the historic "Alte Post" in Berlin-Neukölln, where we offer drinks, snacks, cozy sofas, a huge kitchen and a very nice rooftop, perfect for after work BBQs 
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Studydrive GmbH
Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.