Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SoC Performance Validation Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Do you love crafting elegant solutions to complex problems? Do you enjoy learning how systems work from the big picture down to the smallest detail? As part of the SoC Performance group, you’ll work with a diverse set of cross-functional teams to help architect, optimize, and ship our industry-leading SoCs powering Apple products from iPhone to Apple Watch, iPad, Macs, and more! You’ll join a team of performance architects who deeply analyze the way our SoCs are used by real software, in order to ensure that software can harness the full power of our chips and to drive the design of future SoCs to be an even better match for real-world use cases. We’re looking for experienced, talented, and highly motivated individuals to help us improve the industry-leading performance, efficiency, and hardware/software integration of Apple’s products!
Description
You will define the comprehensive performance test plan, systematic test methodology, and develop novel infrastructure for the software simulator for iPhone/iPad/Mac/Apple Watch SoCs. The team pushes the system to its limits to help find and fix architectural and micro-architectural issues. You will analyze performance of Apple’s product and identify to further improve. Your data shall contribute to product performance and power trade-off decisions in our SoCs. This role will be highly visible and critical for driving architecture improvements in Apple’s future products.
Your responsibilities will include:
ul>
Learning about the state of the art in SoC IP and chip-level architecture
Defining test plans and test planning methodology
Definition and implementation of validation infrastructure like performance monitors, behavioral checkers, state space coverage
Working on data analysis pipelines, visualization methodologies, continuous regression testing
Running performance simulation of future applications
Performing performance analysis for our products
Use hardware+software analysis tools to perform feasibility analysis for future use cases, SoCs, and products
Careful analysis and presentation of simulation or measurement results
Tuning future SoC HW/SW for the best user experience
Interface and collaboration with cross-functional teams: architecture, hardware and software teams for collaborative debug, and correlation studies
Some international travel is required for this position
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Good knowledge of computer architecture, SoC/system design
Practical experience with data structures and algorithms
Understanding of software engineering principles
Solid programming skills in C, C++ or equivalent languages
Experience with scripting languages like Python, Perl, Lua, Bash
Ability to study a problem in depth, design experiments, analyze data, and present results
Strong communication and documentation skills.
Experience in developing / debugging of embedded systems and improving the system based on gained insights is preferred
Experience with micro-architectural performance modeling and architectural exploration is desired
Experience with architectural, micro-architectural validation and performance correlation is beneficial
Experience with on-chip interconnect fabrics, caches, and memory/DRAM controllers, quality-of-service architecture is preferred
Education and Experience
BS or MS or PhD in CS, EE, or related field
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €