Jobs by email
EML Speech Technology GmbH
Software Developer (f/m/d) for Speech Recognition and Understanding Systems
bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
alfaview gmbh is part of the alfa group of companies, which, through its innovative strength, has not only produced new products in the past few years, but has also opened up new areas of business. With alfaview, we are leading the way in developing GDPR-compliant video conferencing systems and have been working steadily to improve digital communication since 2010. With our innovative products, we are actively contributing to Europe's digital sovereignty. With alfatraining and our 250+ training centers, we stand for modern teaching in professional development.
With EML Speech Technology GmbH, we are bundling our knowledge and expertise in intelligent speech recognition and recording. We are developing technologies based on the latest methods and algorithms in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Your Role
You will help to improve our existing NLP & ASR Tools
You will train and tune all kind of language models, ranging from classical n-gram LMs to transformer based LLM architectures
You will develop NLP tools using cutting edge technologies for internal and partner use
You will make use of your creative problem-solving abilities
You will engage in the continuous improvement of the way we work
Your Profile
Degree in computer science, computational linguistics, mathematics, or related disciplines
Hands-on experience in the development and evaluation of state-of-the-art speech recognition and understanding systems
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow and Pytorch
Applied experience in developing state-of-the-art technologies and programming languages like C++, Java, Python
Proven experience with development tools like git, maven, Jenkins.
You are proficient in spoken and written English
Join the alfa group of companies
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Dental care
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.