Jobs by email
Statista GmbH
Salesforce Technical Consultant (m/f/d)
Hamburg, Berlin
Temporary contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Welcome to the Global No.1 Business Data Platform!
With our high-end data platform and other various smart data analytic products and services, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions. Several of the most successful international companies and institutions trust Statista.
Founded in 2007 in Hamburg, we have quickly developed into a global company. In our 13 office locations, we employ over 1,100 colleagues from more than 70 nationalities.
In our international working environment, everyone is encouraged to contribute ideas to make Statista a special place to work.
Our culture, framed by clear goals and a supporting team, paves the way for us to stay a profitable, leading player in the market.
We look forward to having you be a part of our team!
This position can be based in Hamburg or Berlin.
Your  Team 
The Sales Operations team is part of the sales organization of Statista. We support more than 300 employees from the Sales, Account Management, Customer Success, Marketing, and Customer Service departments. Our tasks include analyzing sales data, forecasting, and the constant monitoring of KPIs. Not only do we strive to support our global Sales team on a daily basis by optimizing processes, but we are also responsible for the sales tools and systems, with Salesforce as our main CRM Tool. Within the Sales-Tech Team we have a full team of Admins, Consultants, Developers, and Product Owner to deliver new features and support the platform that is used daily by our colleagues.
Ihre Aufgaben
Analyse and challenge our Salesforce organization to identify potential for improvements
Gather requirements from our various stakeholders
Conceptualize solution design based on best practices
Implement solutions on our Salesforce platform declaratively
Collaborate with our developers on programmatic solutions
Support our users in their day-to-day operations
Consult in sales, service, and marketing-oriented processes
Ihr Profil
3+ years experience in Salesforce
Extensive knowledge of multiple clouds (Sales, Service, Community, Marketing, or further), including hands-on configuration and declarative development
Strong communication within the team and with stakeholders including senior management
Salesforce certifications are a must
Experience working in an agile environment is beneficial
Fluent in English (German is a plus, but we are embracing internationality
Wir bieten
High level of autonomy
Great opportunities for personal growth and responsibility
Opportunity to grow quickly into mentor and/or leadership role
Professional development
Statista University - extensive training offer and individual coaching
Extensive offer in the field of health promotion
Dynamic, international team
A team-oriented transfer of know-how
office right in the city center
HVV Profi Card
Home Office & Flextime
Sabbatical
Visa Support
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.