Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Lead Node.js Developer BI & CRM (m/f/d) - onsite or remote within the EU
Hamburg, Home-Office (EU)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
We are currently looking for an experienced and passionate Lead Node.js Developer (m/f/d) to join our BI & CRM Team.
Our Business Intelligence & Customer Relationship Management Team is providing personalized & intelligent recommendations, product sorting and mailing- and push notifications to our customers based on their historical consuming behaviour. We work with over 5 million real-time API calls per hour and a huge amount of data to provide the best shopping experience for our customers!
What you will do
Build complex & high scalable technical solutions in close cooperation with the Tech Lead and the Product Lead as well as the product manager
Draft architectural decisions and ensure reliable and state-of-the-art products
Lead a world-class team of engineers and collaborate with product managers, QA’s, and other departments to ship new components and features
Work in an agile & international team with flat hierarchies and very short decision-making process
Hands-On development on a brand new Node.js based platform
Who you are
You have 5+ years of experience in building complex backend applications in Node.js and TypeScript
You know the ins and outs of Node.js and TypeScript
You feel comfortable with people management topics and mentoring
You write well-structured, efficient and maintainable code and actively keep the quality of the code base in check 
You have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
You know how to deal with large amounts of data, ideally with both SQL (such as Google Big Query) and NoSQL solutions
Solution-oriented and KPI-driven working style
Nice to have: 
Experience with e.g. React.js & Mobx or Google Big Query
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere
Language courses 
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux) also for private usage
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Free access to online learning platforms like Laracast, Egghead and A Cloud Guru
Help in relocation and VISA process
 YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU.
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €