Jobs by email
Eurowings Digital GmbH
UX Researcher - German Speaking (f/m/diverse) - Hybrid
Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
We want to unfold the world to our customers. Eurowings Digitals mission is to deliver the most convenient and affordable end2end travel experience by connecting the physical and digital world. While our customers enjoy their journey, we take charge of a carefree travel experience. Not only offering quality flights for affordable prices, but being a travel companion all along the way. From their first inspiration to their favorite travel memories. Therefore we launched a whole new company which puts their customer into their total focus. Together we are going to discover, develop and test new products along the whole customer journey, on- and offline. In agile and diverse teams we will revolutionize the way of travelling.
Tasks
You share our passion for the world of travel and want to be part of a driven and high performing team? Join Eurowings Digital as UX Researcher (f/m/diverse) and take responsibility in providing a meaningful experience to all our customers - in more than 50 countries within Europe and the world.
Your Mission
As a UX Researcher (f/m/diverse) you play a crucial role in our experience team and work in close collaboration with UX/UI Designers, Product Owners and Data Analysts, helping them to make the right decisions based on qualitative and quantitative research insights. 
Your Tasks
Discover: With strong empathy, you’ll help us to build a deep understanding of problems and needs of our website and app users – by conducting first level research and gathering insights
Define: You convert problem statements and insights into opportunities and help our teams to make product decisions based on user statements, exploratory research as well as quantitative and qualitative data
Develop: With a strong understanding of research methodologies, you set the stage for user research at Eurowings Digital
Deliver: You convert your insights and findings into recommendations of action for the squads. To enrich our product strategy over time, you validate personas, user journeys and product strategy in collaboration with the UX/UI team to communicate insights across the company
Requirements
Please submit an excerpt of your existing work/portfolio along with your application. Applications without a portfolio or similar are unlikely to be considered
Your Profile
You have 3+ years experience working at customer-focused product companies or digital agencies, where you delivered an outstanding user experience
You have completed a degree in Psychology, Social Sciences, UX Design or similar
You have a deep understanding of qualitative and moderated research methods. Ideally you have good knowledge of quantitative and unmoderated methods
You have first experience with the creation and maintenance of user panels and insights repositories
You have an understanding of Web Analytics (Google/Adobe) as well as voice of customer analytics and know how to include data with research insights
You are comfortable working in an agile environment
You have very strong communication and presentation skills 
You are fluent in both German and English
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Eurowings Digital GmbH
Schanzenstraße 6-20, 51063 Köln, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.