Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Head of Engineering (m/f/d)
Essen, Hannover, Hamburg, Berlin, München, Würzburg, Essen, Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place? Then become a change maker (f/m/d) and join our team as Head of Engineering (m/f/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT) to help us shape and optimize energy consumption for our end customers.
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Our Engineering Team (Digital Solutions I Future Energy Home) develops and operates software to manage home energy devices such as photovoltaic, inverters, batteries, EV charging wall boxes, heat pumps and meters as a cloud-based solution for our central and local units so they can rollout those solutions the end-customers. We integrate with numerous vendors' devices and apply centralized insights, analytics and control mechanisms over these devices.
At E.ON diversity matters. We welcome all people and are convinced that differences make us stronger. Become part of our inclusive and diverse company culture! We want the job to fit your life situation. Therefore, you can choose to apply in full or part-time.
Our team is located throughout Germany but also in the metropolitan region of Essen. You can work from Hannover, Hamburg, Berlin, München, Würzburg, Essen, Frankfurt am Main, or from home.
Your task
Responsibilities
As an Engineering Lead (m/f/d), you manage a team of over 10 employees and develop them professionally and personally
You will be responsible with your team for all architectural and technological decisions for the development, rollout and operations of our Future Energy Home Apps - especially our E.ON Home App
Together with your team and our Portfolio team you estimate the delivery duration and feasibility of all feature requirements of our Future Energy Home Product Owners and our Regional Responsible Managers
Ensure to deliver the agreed roadmap on time and budget
You lead by example for cross functional working and build strong relationships to other developers within the E.ON Group
You like to code yourself, lead your ideas by example and jump in if needed for any type of incident
As a leader (m/f/d), you win the hearts and minds of your team members, bring motivation and energy to the team, and stand as a role model for our values
Your profile
Qualifications
Several years of experience in solution development and operating solutions 24/7
Proven track record as an Engineering Lead (m/f/d) across multiple teams
You are familiar with Typescript language, the NodeJS and NPM Ecosystem, the Angular framework, and the React (Native) framework
Broad understanding in related code toolchains, such as IDEs, Git and DevOps
You like to develop and inspire people and understand how to lead a diverse team to joint success
You are a team player (m/f/d) and enjoy cooperating and networking in international teams and complex company structures
Strong entrepreneurial and strategic approach as well as a high customer orientation
Excellent communication skills, a convincing manner and assertiveness
You actively drive change and find new ways to improve what already exists
Willingness to travel 1x per week
Very good German and English skills
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.