Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Consultant HR IT (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
We are Bosch Digital. Our mission is to shape the digital future of Bosch together with our business divisions. We invent, code and create digital products, services and solutions that spark enthusiasm and improve quality of life. Bosch Digital is home to more than 10,000 unique and diverse talents around the world. Our agile mindset and working culture are a key driver of digital transformation at Bosch and gives both our associates and their ideas room to grow.
In this position you will work as an IT process expert in an international team with a high level of motivation and engagement.
You will be responsible for IT consulting to customers regarding the SAP HCM solution.
In addition, you will define sustainable quality assurance actions and you coordinate support and further development within the Bosch IT team and the external service provider.
The development and implementation of concepts and changes in the SAP HCM solution is in your hands.
Last but not least, the end to end alignment within the project, further development and operation team is part of your tasks.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in business informatics, computer science or a comparable subject
Personality: communicative, reliable, responsible, confident in appearance 
Working Practice: self-initiated, goal-oriented, quality-conscious, independent 
Experience: expertise with mapping business requirements into IT specifications, experience in working within international IT projects
Knowledge: several years of SAP HCM experience, good understanding of legal requirements (esp. German tax and SI)
Languages: very good communication skills in written and spoken English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.