Jobs by email
Ströer SSP
Senior Software Developer (m/w/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Ströer SSP heavily relies on optimized infrastructure to deliver a high volume of real-time programmatic advertising with low latency. Our Engineering competence is at the heart of our success. We constantly strive for technical excellence, efficiency and incorporation of state-of-the-art solutions by combining engineering and science. At the heart of our operation lies the processing and analysis of massive amounts of data, which we approach with a focus on scientific and technological reliability. We are working at the cutting edge of big data, machine learning, real-time technologies and operating large-scale deployments of web services.
We are currently looking for a Senior Software Developer (m/w/d). Please note that we cannot offer fully remote positions outside of Berlin.
You will...
Develop applications in a complex distributed system with low latency and high uptime requirements, processing thousands of requests per second
Develop applications and business logic in Java, Kotlin, C++, or JavaScript.
Debug and monitor applications deployed in Docker, Kubernetes, and AWS
Join the Berlin team, responsible for working on core AdTech components: a Demand Side Platform (DSP) and a Supply Side Platform (SSP)
Work alongside developers worldwide, in New Zealand, the Czech Republic, and Spain, who also contribute to developing DSP and SSP products
Collaborate with the data scientists and engineers working in Berlin who provide data processing pipelines and optimization algorithms
Coach and empower developers to understand and develop the underlying platform with you
You have...
Some years of working experience in backend development.
deep knowledge in developing applications in at least one of the programming languages: Java, Kotlin Closure, Scala, C++ Rust, JavaScript
Knowledge about message queue systems and various databases and can analyze and debug datasets
some experience in mentoring or leading small or medium-sized project teams
At least some basic understanding of DevOps and apprehend best practices, ideally also some practical experience (infrastructure-as-code, GitOps, k8s, CI/CD, Linux)
A desire to learn modern technologies quickly and work on existing code
We offer...
A small and highly passionate team of extraordinary co-workers
An open, embracing and inclusive culture
An agile, focused, relaxed atmosphere with flexible working hours
A high level of freedom and responsibility
A competitive salary
An excellent and spacious office right at Rosa-Luxemburg-Platz
With us you also have the chance to work from home
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Ströer SSP
Berlin, Deutschland