Jobs by email
ETAS
Java Developer (KMS) (f/m/div.)
Bochum
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to ETAS
Founded in 1994, ETAS GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Robert Bosch GmbH with international sales offices in Europe, North and South America, and Asia. ETAS' portfolio includes vehicle basic software, middleware, and development tools for the realization of software-defined vehicles. „Empowering Tomorrow’s Automotive Software“ – all our product solutions and services are focused on this to enable vehicle manufacturers and suppliers to develop and operate software-defined vehicles with increased efficiency. Holistic cybersecurity solutions in the automotive sector are offered via the ESCRYPT brand.
The ETAS GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Bochum
Your tasks
Securing the driving experience of our customers all over the world
Working on certificate and key management, key transport and derivation and much more
Contributing to all phases of the development lifecycle
Supporting our continuous improvement process
Working in an international team
Your profile
You feel comfortable working with
X.509 certificates
Public-key infrastructures
Java and Java EE (at least Java EE 7), application servers (JBoss), Hibernate, JSF 2.x and higher, Primefaces
Spring Boot, Spring Security
CI/CD: git, Jenkins, Maven
Selenium, JUnit 4 & 5, MockitoREST and SOAP services
IntelliJ, SonarQube and SoapUI
The occasional other programming language (C/C++, Groovy, Python)
Scrum
Understanding the design patterns and/or architectural blueprints of a complex and distributed system
Proactive, self-organized working style with a pronounced capacity for teamwork
Challenge the status quo for finding better, more efficient solutions
Analytical, strategical and critical thinking with a growth mindset for being successful
Expertise in writing clean, well-designed, testable and human readable code
Performing different test types (unit test, integration test, system test) and using different test methodologies in your daily work (TDD, BDD, etc.)
Highly proficient in spoken and written English and basic German communication skills
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ETAS
Wittener Straße 45, 44789 Bochum, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -