Jobs by email
Continental AG
(Senior) Consultant Data Science (m/f/d)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2022, Continental generated sales of €39.4 billion and currently employs around 200,000 people in 57 countries and markets.
Job Description
Continental’s digital capabilities are growing every day. Our Supply Chain Information Technology Competence Center is the digital backbone of our company’s tire business – and we want you to join us!
Our multinational, diverse team of technologists, mathematicians, data scientists and business pros provides technology solutions to ensure that the more than 140 million tires Continental sells globally every year are produced and end up in the right place at the right time.
The team uses artificial intelligence, machine learning and advanced analytics to make global SCM processes more efficient and improve decision making processes on all levels.
If you love building new, cutting-edge technology, operating it and continuously optimizing it to create business value, Continental is the perfect match for you.
We are currently seeking a dedicated Data Science Consultant to work on the following tasks:
Developing innovative and tailored analytics and BI solutions in SCM primarily on our Data Science Factory (Python, Java, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Airflow, AWS stack)
IT service for AI forecasting solutions in the area of supply chain management, proactively supporting business clients
Planning and managing projects in the area of data science from requirement analysis to implementation
Qualifications
Academic degree in information technology, mathematics, statistics, physics, economics, data science or an equivalent qualification
Programming skills in object-oriented programming languages (Python, Java, R) and CI/CD (Github, Jenkins)
Experience in advanced analytics, data mining, predictive analytics, machine learning (AWS stack, relevant Python libraries, Kubernetes, Airflow)
Experience in database mgmt. / SQL (PostgreSQL, Redshift)
Experience in project management of IT projects beneficial, ideally with agile/scrum
Knowledge of supply chain management processes beneficial
High degree of curiosity, willingness to experiment and interest in new technologies
Professional working proficiency in English, German skills of advantage (developable through training)
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
What We Offer
The job in numbers: You are going to work 37.5 hours a week in a team of 9. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.  
Being part of a global IT team of thousands of colleagues working on various innovations and tasks, there is always an opportunity to grow and move into different directions within our corporation. 
On top of that you can expect the following benefits: 
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, trainings or global internal Software Academy)
Work from home up to 3 days a week (unless workshops etc. require physical presence)
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
Possibility of part-time contract up to 80% (30 hours/week)
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across 7 locations in a globally active organization
Company and tariff pension plan
Health insurance
Assistance with child-care
Parent-child office
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
On-site physicians
Sabbatical option
You would like to learn more about our benefits in detail? Click here
If this sounds like a perfect match for you and if you want to become the next supporter of our core values Trust For One Another, Passion to Win and Freedom to Act, we are looking forward receiving your application.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Beiersdorfstraße, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -