Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Information Security Subject Matter Expert (OT) (m/w/x)
D-PLZ 73, D-PLZ 80
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
The InfoSec Advisory Services team is responsible for advising and consulting on technical information security subjects based on industry best practices. It aims to achieve excellence in providing state-of-the-art security for ZEISS’ processes and tools and helps the business stay one step ahead in matters of IT security. The successful candidate will assess security risks, advise the various business units to leverage their solutions and designs, and by designing and implementing security plans within the corporate information security team, and monitor the effectiveness of security systems and procedures to continuously improve the organization and overall security posture of the production areas. This role requires a strategic mindset, a deep understanding of security systems and technologies, and excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
Furthermore, the team’s responsibilities include different tasks in vulnerability management as well as operation of ZEISS’ Security Operations Center. 
Being a production area at Zeiss a convergence of IT and OT technologies, you as Senior Information Security Subject Matter Expert (OT) will be responsible for oversight and development of security measures to increase the resilience in these areas. 
  You will 
shape and further develop ZEISS OT Security strategy, improving the security policies and be part of a dynamic and motivated team with a passion for Information Security consisting of people of all different experience levels and personalities 
conduct risk assessments of the production area to identify potential security threats and vulnerabilities and develop risk mitigation strategies 
design and implement a comprehensive security program for the production area, including physical, operational and technical security measures, aligned with the business unit’s security stakeholders 
collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to align security strategies with business goals and objectives 
continuously monitor the effectiveness of security systems and procedures, and recommend improvements to enhance the overall security posture of the production areas 
evaluate new security technologies and techniques and recommend their implementation to improve the security program and develop and implement security awareness training programs for employees to promote a culture of security 
develop and maintain emergency response plans and procedures to ensure timely and effective response in the event of a security incident 
support in security incident investigations, including conducting root cause analysis and developing corrective actions to prevent future incidents 
stay current with industry best practices, emerging security threats, new technologies and provide regular reports and updates to management 
coordinate and cooperate with different functions across the enterprise in matters of OT Security 
advice and consult different ZEISS businesses and stakeholders on OT Security end-to-end, from concept to implementation, support and manage projects that relate to OT Security and lead your project teams to excellence
Ihr Profil
Apprenticeship / professional education / studies in the field of Information Security (Bachelor's or Master's degree) or equivalent combination of education and working experience 
7+ years of professional experience in a field related to IT-, OT- or Information Security, e. g. Information Security KPIs, Information Security Incident Management, Vulnerability Management or Penetration Testing 
Demonstrated knowledge about OT Security industry guidelines, like IEC 62443 and NIST SP 800-82r (2/3) 
Expertise on emerging/brand-new technologies 
Ability to work in a structured and independent way 
Ability to correlate technologies, understand complex environments and business requirements 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with experience in presenting security recommendations to senior management and business stakeholders 
A stakeholder’s manager who brings a hands-on mentality as well as a goal-oriented mindset  
Sharing your knowledge to advance the team and work field is in your nature 
Fluent English or German language skills, French, Spanish, or other languages are of advantage 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.