Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Junior Operations Specialist for Azure Cloud Big Data Platform (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
The Bosch Center of Competence Big Data and AI is searching for new highly motivated colleagues in our international DevOps team. As Opertions Specialist for our new Big Data platform on Microsoft Azure public cloud, you will play a crucial role for ensuring stability, security, and scalability of our platform services, thus creating significant benefit for Bosch business. Our team is looking forward to your application!
As Operations Specialist you will handle day-to-day operations of our Big Data Cloud Platform Services and ensure stability, security, and scalability.
You drive industrialization of different manufacturing and logistic cloud based platforms through further automation of deployment, configuration, upgrade and maintenance processes.
Part of your work also entails developing new platform features supporting (cost) monitoring, logging and alerting as well as the implementation of new operations related processes.
In your responsibility lies the development of scripts for automation (deployment, configuration) and monitoring, as well as providing expert product support to Bosch business units (e.g. root-cause analysis of non-standard issues).
Your tasks also include testing and evaluating new product features in close alignment with project stakeholders, internal customers, and vendors.
Furthermore, you consult internal customers on technical level regarding tool selection, code quality, connectivity topics and workload performance.
Your profile
Education: university degree in computer science, information technology, engineering or related fields
Personality: communicative, flexible, motivated
Working Practice: goal-oriented, able to work under pressure
Experience: experience with the Microsoft Azure ecosystem (e.g. Azure Services, Azure CLI, Azure DevOps), working on larger projects, including multiple customers and international teams, hands-on experience with Cloud or infrastructure operation
Know-How:knowledge of version control tools (e.g. GIT, Bitbucket) and CI/CD pipeline tools (e.g. Azure DevOps) as well as of IT monitoring and logging techniques and relevant technology stack (e.g. Grafana), ideally knowledge of one scripting language (e.g. Bash or Python), knowledge of cloud security an advantage
Enthusiasm: ability to move easily between conceptual and implementation levels, customer centric
Languages: good German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.