Jobs by email
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
PKI Security Engineer (m/w/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Tomorrow is our home.
See how easy it is to explore new ideas at BSH Home Appliances Group: As a leading manufacturer of home appliances, we improve people’s quality of life by thinking in solutions. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff as well as our local brands, we explore innovative technologies from voice recognition to artificial intelligence. As we utilize these to create new user experiences, we think, prototype, build – and keep on learning. Join us now and give your career a home.
PKI Security Engineer (m/f/d)
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Full time / Part time |
Munich
Your responsibilities
Are you looking for a real challenge? Do you have an unleashed curiosity to learn new things? Are you a fast learner and conscientious at the same time? Do you like to challenge the status quo and to work within an ambitious agile team? Are you ready for the following critical responsibilities: 
Planning and execution of key ceremonies 
Building, configuring, implementing and improving hardware and software for key and certificate management 
Operation of the BSH public key infrastructure including status monitoring, incident response and follow up (e.g. root cause analysis)
Automation of recurring tasks and continuous improvement of workflows through scripting
Deployment and hardening of cloud and on-premises systems 
Your profile
Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Cyber Security or equivalent with several years of professional experience 
3+ years of experience in dealing with public key infrastructures, incl. min. 1 year of hands-on experience with HSMs (e.g. Kryptus, Thales ...)
Cryptographic know-how and experience with certificate management and HSM configuration
Proficient in at least one scripting / programming language (e.g. Python, Bash)
Hands-on experience with Linux and Cloud technologies / deployments (e.g. Docker, AWS)
Your benefits
Remuneration according to the collective agreement of IG Metall (30 days vacation, additional payments)
Flexible working time models that adapt to current life situations (e.g. mobile working, part-time, job sharing, sabbatical)
Promotion of professional and personal development at BSH’s internal Global Learning Campus
Attractive company pension plan financed by the employer
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Carl-Wery-Str. 34, 81739 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates