Jobs by email
ZEISS
(Senior) Information Security Expert (f/m/x)
Oberkochen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Information Security Experts are part of the InfoSec (abbreviation for Information Security) Technical Advisory team which is responsible for advising on technical information security subjects. Such advisory is based on best practices and is closely related with business functions and requirements of the ZEISS group. Furthermore, the team maintains tasks related to ensure technical advisory is state of the art.
  The (Senior) Security Expert is responsible for all Vulnerability Management and Pentesting efforts (e.g. Red Team – Blue Team) and activities.
As a (Senior) Information Security Expert, you coordinate and cooperate with other departments and functional areas, to ensure vulnerability management and related security measures are well understood, implemented and maintained. Your tasks are done in close coordination with the Security Monitoring activities in the SOC (Security Operation Center) team and other relevant stakeholders, fostering an effective Information Security Monitoring  and improvement of the Incident Detection capabilities. In addition to that, you act as functional lead and advise on solutions and best practices to Pentesting, Vulnerability Management or other Security Monitoring activities throughout the organization.
  Your role
coordinate and cooperate with other departments and functional areas, to ensure vulnerability management and Pentesting activities ­– ZEISS internal, internet-faced and cloud services – are well understood, implemented, maintained and executed
execute the vulnerability management process and maintain related processes and tools; in close cooperation with other stakeholders and service providers
coordinate Pentesting (Red Team – Blue Team) activities and improve – based on the output – the detection capabilities of the Information security Monitoring tools
act as an advisor on solutions and best practices and support implementations of the related subject areas across the organization primarily to achieve goals in innovative, creative, novel and effective ways
set up a framework within the organization to manage penetration testing engagements consistently throughout the enterprise to allow efficient remediation, maximum value return and consolidated lessons learnt
guide and maintain a continuous feedback loop with the security operations team to ensure detection capabilities are keeping up with the latest offensive techniques
establish partnerships with 3rd party security organizations and coordinate cooperation and engagements together with them and the business stakeholders
Ihr Profil
Apprenticeship / professional education / studies in the field of computer science, IT, InfoSec or equivalent and a solid period of experience in various information security roles with an international scope
professional working experience (for Seniors minimum 7+ years) in related fields, especially Vulnerability Management, Security Monitoring or Pentesting as well as defensive security operations
a very good expertise on creating an incident management framework and processes; network, desktop and server technologies and network intrusion methods, network containment, segregation techniques and technologies such as Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), Intrusion Protection Systems (IPS) and Cloud Services (MS Azure, AWS)
a strong knowledge of ITIL best practices and process improvements and various operating systems (e.g. Windows, Linux, etc.) and networking technologies commonly deployed to enterprise networks and accompanying vulnerabilities
strong communication skills, including ability to solve complex tasks and problems, applying innovative thinking
English (fluent), other languages (like German) of advantage
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.