Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Cyber Programmes Senior Bid- und Project-Manager (d/f/m)
Raum München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
In order to support Cyber Programmes, Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a
Cyber Programmes Senior Bid- and Project Manager (d/f/m)
You want to protect Defence and Aerospace assets from cyber attacks?
Are you looking for an opportunity to work on innovative projects and to grow? 
Airbus Defence and Space Cyber is looking for someone just like you to join our team!
The Cyber business of Airbus Defence and Space is a European specialist in cyber security for defence and aerospace assets and systems. More than 450 cyber professionals based across our offices in France, Germany, the UK and Spain are leveraging our Airbus DNA by developing products and solutions for customers, based on state-of-the-art trusted technologies.  Our mission is to design, develop, integrate and deploy tailored cyber security products and solutions for defence, governmental and institutional customers, and to provide operational support all along the system life cycle.
The role of the Senior Bid- and Project Manager is located within the programmes department whose members organize bid activities, provide project management and project management office tasks for a number of engineering teams. The business focuses on cybersecurity system engineering, information security concepts, product development and integration projects in the fields of aerospace platform security and defence activities.
Your location
Our site is just a stone's throw away from Munich, the beautiful capital of Bavaria. Are you into sports and other outdoor activities? The Alps and Lake Starnberg are within an hour's reach, offering a multitude of recreational options.
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Kindergarten close to the site, medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, laundry services, gym
Your tasks and responsibilities
Forming, deploying, and leading the bid team, relationship management of all relevant internal and external stakeholders and effective organization of project administration, including PMO activities
Effective organization of the management of (large) projects and their delivery;  resource management, prioritization, use of synergies with related projects and ensuring project performance on time, on quality, and on cost targets, even in demanding environments
Effective change and claim management including responsibility for negotiations with customers or suppliers as well as understanding the customers' technical and non-technical requirements and hot topics and preparation of offers accordingly
Responsibility for risk and opportunity management as well as quotation management ad sales support
Participation in the definition and implementation of the campaign's win strategy and capture plan
Taking responsibility for the contract negotiations and the signing process
Sales support in the acquisition of follow-up projects and upselling activities including customer contacts
Desired skills and qualifications
You have a university degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or equivalent
You have shown sound knowledge and experience in project management for projects of high complexity and size
You have in-depth knowledge of IT security and ideally also in the field of defence, aerospace security and/or security solution integration
You are able to multitask and meeting tight deadlines as well as solution-oriented, effective in handling of ambiguities and changing deadlines
You may have the certification APMP Practitioner, PMI or comparable and/or in ITIL, CISSP, CISA, CISM, SABSA, TOGAF, CNDA or similar 
You have shown your knowledge of standards, e.g.: ISO:27k series
You are fluent in German and English
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €