Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Software Developer for Virtual Testplatform for vECUs (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0002G24
Aufgaben
Mercedes-Benz is one of the most successful automobile brands. In the Group Research & Mercedes-Benz Cars Development Division (RD), we create the next generation of most desirable cars with highest quality and efficient development processes.
As part of MB.OS, the “DPT EE & Competence Strategy MB.OS” team is building up a highly motivated, dynamic team with the aspiration to bring software-driven innovation 10 times faster to our customers. Today´s complex software architectures requires us to enable tomorrow´s development- and validation solutions. With a Digital Twin EE we strive to build up a scalable virtual test framework to enable integrated virtual testing of vECUs.
For this mission we are looking for an experienced software developer to join our team to develop a virtual test platform for virtual ECUs. The successful candidate will be responsible for designing, developing, testing, and maintaining software solutions that enable virtual testing of electronic control units (ECUs) used in automotive industries. This role will involve collaborating with cross-functional teams and customers to ensure the software meets the requirements and specifications.
If you like to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment to realize future oriented solutions for our next generation of products join us! Share our dream & mission to accelerate the company’s transformation process towards a software-driven company.
These challenges await you:
Design and develop virtual test platform software solutions for virtual ECUs (SIL)
Conception, implementation and commissioning incl. validation of test results of software components for virtual test environments, scalable up to cloud
Ensure and steer virtual commissioning of digital twin EE with interfaces towards digital models of internal/external suppliers
Analysis, optimization and enhancement of virtual testing processes and tools
Develop operating model to ensure software quality and reliability
Maintain and enhance existing software solutions to keep them up-to-date with the latest technologies and industry standards
Work with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and specifications, and design software solutions that meet these requirement
Qualifikationen
What you bring to the table:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Software/Systems- Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field
3+ years of experience in software development, preferably in automotive or related industries
Proficient in programming languages such as C++ or Python as well as one of the common vehicle bus systems (CAN(FD), FlexRay, Automotive Ethernet)
Experience with virtual machine environment, LINUX operation system and dockerization - QEMU is a plus
Experience with software testing platform, such as SIL, HIL testing and test automation (vECU)
Experience with CI/CD Framework and agile methodologies
Experience with AUTOSAR classic/adaptive standards and tools
Experience with cloud-based computing and virtualization technologies
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, and ability to work independently or as part of a team
Excellent communication skills in English and German
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.