Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Team Lead SAP Development Services - Expert Services (f/m/d)
Essen, Hannover, Berlin, Potsdam
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
About us
Do you like to empower teams and lead them to success?
This is your opportunity to become a member of our Technology Consulting division within E.ON's Digital Technology organization. As a partner for our businesses, our division makes a major contribution as an internal professional services organization to accelerate the delivery of E.ONs Digital Transformation Strategy. E.ON is a leading European utility company, playing a key role in shaping the energy transition and connecting everyone to good energy.
If you have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place, you can become a change maker (m/f/d) in our energetic and diverse team!
As a Team Lead (f/m/d) you will spearhead the SAP Development Services Team within our professional services organization. This means you will taking over a key role in empowering, supporting and guiding our talents to shape the digitalization of tomorrow at E.ON across Europe.
Your task
Responsibilities
You act as a role model (m/f/d) and lead the (international) team of SAP Development Services within Expert Services
You empower the team, coach on the job, set & track personal development goals and implement a trustful working culture
You ensure that we deliver at any time high quality of our projects and services and high customer satisfaction
You have the End-to-End accountability that our SAP Solutions are fitting our stakeholder needs, deliver value for money and being competitive compared to the market
You manage all commercial aspects of the SAP Development Services team, ensuring lean overhead, optimized sourcing, compliance to budget and recovery targets and financial transparency
You ensure group-wide adoption of our professional service offering through outstanding focus on customer needs and excellent relationships with BUs and BITs
You are actively involved in the day-2-day business by taking over roles like delivery lead or special matter expert
Your profile
What you are good at
Proven track record of practical experience in SAP, ideally within SAP 4/HANA, SAP Cloud Platform, SAP Business Technology Platform, or similar
Solid understanding in the latest products and technologies in the SAP environment
Hands-on mentality and a strong entrepreneurial and economic mindset
First experience in building and leading international teams with the ability to lead through influence, with high tolerance for ambiguity, profound knowledge, and experience in intercultural communication
You are a team player (/f/d) combined with a proactive attitude
You have excellent German and English communication skills (written & spoken); additional EU languages will be a plus
Willingness to travel
What you can expect from a Career in E.ON Digital Technology
We offer the unique opportunity to combine your love for technology with your passion to work on a topic of high relevance for society. You will be able to contribute to E.ON's ambitious digitalization strategy, to apply and broaden your expertise on a variety of assignments, to work with cutting edge technology and to have the opportunity to grow your career internationally across the wider organization.
Do you have questions?
For further information please contact Katrin Klaudia Nordhaus, katrinklaudia.nordhaus@eon.com.
What you need to know:
Job Req ID: 214403
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full time
Company: E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Location: Essen, Hannover, Berlin, Potsdam
Function area: IT/Digital; Consulting
Our benefits
What you can expect from a Career in E.ON Digital Technology
We offer the unique opportunity to combine your love for technology with your passion to work on a topic of high relevance for society. You will be able to contribute to E.ON's ambitious digitalization strategy, to apply and broaden your expertise on a variety of assignments, to work with cutting edge technology and to have the opportunity to grow your career internationally across the wider organization.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.