Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Team Lead Solution Development (d/m/w) within Cyber Security Environment
München, Friedrichshafen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a
Team Lead (d/f/m) Solution Development within Cyber Security Environment
You want to protect Defence and Aerospace assets from cyber attacks?
Are you looking for an opportunity to work on innovative projects and to grow? 
Airbus Defence and Space Cyber is looking for someone just like you to join our team!
The Cyber business of Airbus Defence and Space is a European specialist in cyber security for defence and aerospace assets and systems. More than 450 cyber professionals based across our offices in France, Germany, the UK and Spain are leveraging our Airbus DNA by developing products and solutions for customers, based on state-of-the-art trusted technologies.  Our mission is to design, develop, integrate and deploy tailored cyber security products and solutions for defence, governmental and institutional customers, and to provide operational support all along the system life cycle.
In this position you will be leading a multidisciplinary and international team with expertise in developing secure IT products, software, and security engineering for applications within the aerospace, cloud and critical infrastructure sectors.
You will report to the Head of Cyber Engineering Germany.
Information security became one of the predominant factors not only for the application but especially during the development of products for various subsystems within critical infrastructures and the aerospace industry. The Solution Development team e.g. develops systems to ensure the secure exchange of information of different classification. The responsibilities of the Solution Development team lead will enable you to shape the development and implementation of future systems-of-systems such as FCAS and the Air Combat Cloud.
Your location
Munich or Friedrichshafen!
Our site is just a stone's throw away from Munich, the beautiful capital of Bavaria. Are you into sports and other outdoor activities? The Alps and Lake Starnberg are within an hour's reach, offering a multitude of recreational options.
At the Airbus site in Friedrichshafen you will be working on innovation where others spend their holidays. Enjoy panoramic views of Lake Constance while having lunch in our canteen. And after work, join one of our many corporate sports groups to go running, sailing or skiing.
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Kindergarten close to the site, medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, laundry services, gym
Your tasks and responsibilities
People management of software team
Planning and control of the team's development and competences
Responsible for recruiting, onboarding, people development and performance reviews
Performing resource and task planning for the team and aligning with the other department's teams
Contribution to the planning of the cost center, budgets, and R&D funds
Performance of yearly reviews, goal setting, development talks and further disciplinary tasks
Provide support to marketing, pre-sales, sales and programs as well as competitive quotations for bids and lead negotiations with internal and external customers
Desired skills and qualifications
Strong team player with good skills in communicating and presenting complex situations
Hands-On mentality
Structured way of working, Innovative mindset, strategic thinking, analytical skills, well developed planning and organizational skills
Vast experience in system engineering and the setup of system engineering processes for large teams and complex projects
Experience with leading engineering teams and in technical management
Experience in large, complex technical projects as well as experience in agile projects where requirements are identified and defined over time
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €