Jobs by email
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
Cloud Infrastructure Engineer for Team FC Solutions (f/m/x)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002G4C
Tasks
Mercedes-Benz Mobility at a Glance
With around 10,000 employees, Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG specialises in financial and mobility services. The products range from financing, leasing, vehicle subscriptions, rental and fleet management to digital services for charging and payments, as well as insurance and innovative mobility services.
Mercedes-Benz Mobility is a division of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, which also includes the vehicle manufacturer Mercedes-Benz AG, one of the largest suppliers of premium and luxury passenger cars and vans. As a financial services provider, Mercedes-Benz Mobility supports sales of the Mercedes-Benz Group's automotive brands worldwide. In Germany, Mercedes-Benz Bank AG, as part of Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG is one of the leading vehicle financing banks and offers around one million customers financial flexibility as well as deposit business and fixed-interest-rate accounts in the direct banking business.
WHO WE ARE
The FC Solutions team is accountable for several small, medium and big implementations & projects for the Finance & Controlling Headquarters. Together, with our business partners from Risk, Controlling, Accounting, Treasury and with the support by external vendors, we work in highly effective virtual, interdisciplinary and global teams on a daily basis. Today, we build and run several digital solutions (SaaS & in-house solutions) for over 40 markets. Our biggest strength is our shared knowhow in project management, requirements engineering and agile software implementation approaches.
We are a team of technology enthusiasts working in an agile way on digital products and platforms to enable, transform and support our business processes with state of the art software.
It is important to us to collaborate closely and to communicate in an open and constructive manner
We always challenge the status quo: Can we do it better? Why aren’t we doing it?
We use state-of-the-art technology and work on topics with a global community
Mobile working is often used by us
We aim to provide value to our customers with everything we do and to have a positive impact on transforming our organization
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Our commitment to utilizing the latest technology has led us to embark on a cloud transformation journey, bringing our finance and controlling applications to the AZURE Cloud. We are seeking a highly motivated and skilled IT Cloud Infrastructure Engineer to join our team and play a critical role in driving our cloud transformation forward.
Your responsibilities are:
Design, build and maintain a robust, scalable, automated cloud infrastructure ensuring high availability, reliability, and security
Responsible for the infrastructure code base by maintaining and improving code quality and stability
Independent work in a part of a product Design and implementation of smaller tasks such as new functionalities or minor improvements to existing architecture Solution-oriented work on new tasks without precise specification
Operation and monitoring of general cloud infrastructure as well as services and systems operated
Work and communication in multidisciplinary product teams. Cooperation with members of other product teams throughout the company to improve technical standards, tools and processes
Be part int the FC Solutions team to establish a reliable, scalable and highly automated systems landscape
Qualifications
WHAT WE EXPECT:
University degree in Information Technology, or other IT-related field of study
You are a professional with at least 3 years experiences
Strong experience with Azure Cloud and its services such as AKS, AKV, ACI, etc.
Proficiency in automation and scripting languages such as Python, PowerShell, etc.
Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and tools such as Azure DevOps, Jenkins, etc.
Familiarity with security best practices in cloud computing
You worked in agile teams and you know that speed matters
Experience in working in an international environment - awareness of intercultural challenges appreciated
Very good command of English language, additional languages beneficial
You are interested in creating the best solutions for your customer
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv@mercedes-benz.com.
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.