Jobs by email
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
(Senior) IT Inhouse Consultant SAP SD / CX (f/m/d)
Weinheim
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
Freudenberg is a global technology group that strengthens its customers and society long-term through forward-looking innovations. Together with our partners, customers and the world of science, we develop leading-edge technologies, and excellent products, solutions and services for 40 market segments. The Freudenberg Group employs some 50,000 people in 60 countries worldwide and generates sales of over 10 billion euros.
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions is a Business Group of Freudenberg and a leading global supplier of branded cleaning systems as well as household and laundry care products. The portfolio includes brands such as Vileda®, Gimi®, Wettex® and Marigold®. The company employs more than 3,200 people and hosts a distribution network in 35 countries.
New, effective products and distribution channels, technical innovations and a strong customer focus have been the company’s key success factors. They are supported by extensive market and customer research on an international basis as well as innovation centers and production plants around the world.
You support our team as
(Senior) IT Inhouse Consultant SAP SD / CX (f/m/d)
Responsibilities
Continuous analysis, harmonization and optimization of our global Order-to-Cash and CRM related processes (e.g. via Process Mining).
Implementation of cross-functional projects from conceptualization to implementation (e.g. C4C, EDI, SCM, E-Commerce).
Support the digitalization of sales channels with RPA and OCR.
Development and implementation of training concepts and documentation for the key user community.
Qualifications
Completed bachelor’s degree in Business Information Systems, Business Administration or equivalent job experience.
min. 4 years of hands-on experience in SAP ERP Sales and Distribution functions, processes and customizing, C4C knowledge is an advantage.
Fluent in English, customer focus, analytical and structured working style and understanding for global business relationships.
Max 20% international travel for project works is not an issue for you.
Some of your Benefits
Cafeteria/Canteen
Fresh food on-site, both hot and cold
Easily reachable
Easy, low-stress access by car or public transport
Flexible work arrangements
Opportunities for flex hours and/or remote work to maximize performance satisfaction
Gym
Stay fit with easy access to an on-site center
Training / Career development
Programs to supercharge skills and expertise
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
Im Technologiepark 2-4, 69469 Weinheim, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -