Jobs by email
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
(Senior) SAP Inhouse Consultant Supply Chain Management (SCM) (f/m/d)
Weinheim
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Freudenberg is a global technology group that strengthens its customers and society long-term through forward-looking innovations. Together with our partners, customers and the world of science, we develop leading-edge technologies, and excellent products, solutions and services for 40 market segments. The Freudenberg Group employs some 50,000 people in 60 countries worldwide and generates sales of over 10 billion euros.
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions is a Business Group of Freudenberg and a leading global supplier of branded cleaning systems as well as household and laundry care products. The portfolio includes brands such as Vileda®, Gimi®, Wettex® and Marigold®. The company employs more than 3,200 people and hosts a distribution network in 35 countries.
New, effective products and distribution channels, technical innovations and a strong customer focus have been the company’s key success factors. They are supported by extensive market and customer research on an international basis as well as innovation centers and production plants around the world.
You support our team as
(Senior) SAP Inhouse Consultant Supply Chain Management (SCM) (f/m/d)
Responsibilities
You will join the SCM unit of our global IT department at Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions.
Design, implement and monitor our supply chain business processes using modern software solutions from SAP (e.g. SAP ECC, SAP IBP, SAP Analytics Cloud).
Preparation, migration and support on our way to new IT systems e.g. SAP S/4 HANA
International project rollouts and key user support by analyzing requirements, configuring system settings and training end users.  
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or vocational training in computer science, business information systems, business administration, business engineering or similar fields
Basic knowledge of logistics processes and modelling in IT  systems (e.g. material requirements planning (MRP), Purchasing, Inventory Management, Production)
Minimum 3 years of practical experience working with SAP supply chain solutions, preferably SAP MM, APO/IBP
Basic knowledge of programming concepts and relational databases (e.g. SQL skills)
Strong verbal and written English skills. Willingness to travel (up to 10%)
Some of your Benefits
Diversity & Inclusion
Enter a diversity-driven world of innovation
Easily reachable
Easy, low-stress access by car or public transport
Gym
Stay fit with easy access to an on-site center
Flexible work arrangements
Opportunities for flex hours and/or remote work to maximize performance satisfaction
Training / Career development
Programs to supercharge skills and expertise
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
Höhnerweg 2-4, 69469 Weinheim, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -