Jobs by email
Continental AG
SAP PM Lead Developer (m/f/d) REF18803A
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. 
Job Description
In this exciting job you work on the following tasks:
Co-operation in concept, design, specification and implementation of application improvements together with the Business Key User
Development of e.g condition monitoring, predictive maintenance solution and SAP Fiori Apps for Apple devices on basis of our existing SAP PM solution (PUMA) and other Shopfloor systems
Solving of tickets (application issues)
Definition, execution and approval of functional tests and creation of technical documentation
Coordination of developments and maintenance activities
Working closely together with IT colleagues from other areas (Shopfloor-MES, local plant IT) and internal customers in an international environment
Project management of internal projects and global roll outs in our plants
Execution of trainings for our global support organization and Local Key Users
Definition and documentation of "Best Practices" for the usage of our solution
Get to know some of your new colleagues in Hanover already today on our website.
Qualifications
Academic degree in information technologies or an equivalent qualification  
Several years Working experience with SAP R/3 modules (e.g. SAP PM / IM / Fiori)
Strong development know-how (ABAP/UI5)
Project management skills, experience with leading development projects
Analytic and strategic thinking,
High commitment and flexibility
Team oriented and self-organized
Willing to work in an intercultural environment
Professional working proficiency in English
Open to travel up to 20% (globally)
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
The job in numbers: You are going to work 37.5 hours a week in a team of 6. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.
Being part of a global IT team of thousands of colleagues working on various innovations and tasks, there is always an opportunity to grow and move into different directions within our corporation.
On top of that you can expect the following benefits:
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, trainings or global internal Software Academy)
Work from home up to 4 days a week (unless workshops etc. require physical presence)
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
12 salaries per year
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across 5 locations in a globally active organization
Company and tariff pension plan
Health insurance
Assistance with child-care
Parent-child office
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
Gym on-site
On-site physicians
Sabbatical option
If this sounds like a perfect match for you and if you want to become the next supporter of our core values Trust For One Another, Passion to Win and Freedom to Act, we are looking forward receiving your application.
  Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Beiersdorfstraße 5, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -