Jobs by email
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt GmbH
Enterprise Architect (m/w/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
HSBC Germany is part of the HSBC Group. We are looking for employees (m/f/d) with personality! People who stand up for our common goals as well as for each other, while at the same time finding convincing solutions for our customers. If you are looking to combine seemingly incompatible things at your next employer, we would like to welcome you at HSBC.
To strengthen our team in Düsseldorf, we are looking for someone to fill the following position with immediate effect:
Enterprise Architect (m/w/d)
TASKS
Supporting HTDE Chief Architect in preparing the enterprise architecture artifact in alignment to HSBC Technology strategies
Working closely with local/regional GBGF architects, to document Enterprise Blueprints and develop the Country and Regional roadmaps
Supporting HTDE Chief Architect in governance of IT Architecture, supporting the design authority board and coordinating architecture practices
Cooperating with Enterprise Architecture teams (Cloud, Data, CyberSec, etc.) and market/country teams to prepare target state artifacts
Working closely with leadership teams to provide expertise to solution architects workingin Transformation programs across all Business lines in HTDE and HBCE
Supporting regulatory requirements in audits as well as remediation of audit findings (BaFin Audit finding remediation)
Provide an interface from information management to 2LOD to support risk management and risk mitigation activities
Staying abreast of technology trends and advise business/CIO/CTOs/Chief Architect and the business about potential benefits/impacts
Being an active European Architecture Community member, animating multiple activities in that area
REQUIREMENTS
University graduate of Computer Science/IT-related field or relevant working experience in the field
Experience in Enterprise Architecture including support of architecture blueprints and roadmaps on various detail levels, data modelling and data handling
Good communication and presentations skills with the ability to explain strategies, plans, methods, tools and operational plans globally
Experience in senior stakeholder management, with the capability of discussion in diverse populations
Strong resilience and tenacity in an information-driven environment with highly effective influencing, persuading and negotiating skills
Experience, knowledge and understanding of architectural governance fulfillment
Excellent experience in Architecture repository management, in- and export functions, modelling, interfacing and tooling with LUY, TROUX, Visual Paradigm and BizzDesign
Programming/Scripting skills will be an advantage
Cloud Architecture skills will be an advantage
Second language German will be an advantage
OUR BENEFITS
Work-life balance: We offer flexible working models such as flextime, home office and part-time options.
Family friendliness: You find it hard to reconcile your family and your career? Not with us! Among other things, we offer (comprehensive/ wide-ranging) child care options in our company nursery schools.
Development: At HSBC we never stand still. Thanks to HSBC My Career and HSBC University, we offer you the opportunity for continuous (personal) development and to acquire future skills. This includes helpful tools for individual career planning.
Perks: Our company ticket, a company bike or discounts from our ‘Corporate Benefits’ programme – will help you save money!
Health: We offer a comprehensive range of health-related services such as medical check-ups, a family service or joint sports groups. Take your pick!
At HSBC Germany, we want all employees to feel that they belong and are treated fairly. Regardless of gender, age, nationality, family situation, religion, disability, sexual orientation or ethnic and social origin – your opinions will be heard and taken into account.
INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt GmbH
Hansaallee 3, 40549 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates