Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
DevOps Expert at the Software Campus (EG15 f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
We are the Software Campus. Our passion is software and our mission is pushing the software excellence at Bosch forward. Would you like to shape with us the modern software culture at Bosch? We will foster your engagement with a software friendly work culture, opportunities for personal growth, modern work conditions, and a network of outstanding software experts.
As Product Software Developer:in you will shape the transformation of Bosch towards an AIoT company with a modern software culture in a Continuous Everything (CX) environment.
You will develop automation solutions integrated into CX pipelines that drive fast feedback cycles and improve software development efficiency and quality based on DevOps mindset, culture, practices.
As part of your activities, you will analyze the business and development environment and apply CX principles and practices to achieve impact on software projects. You will also be responsible for developing concepts and innovative approaches to improve software development processes, including automation of all relevant development steps.
You will work in a maintainer and contributor role with other teams and projects and be part of an interdisciplinary, dynamic and multi-site team. Additionally, you are well connected in internal and external DevOps/CX communities and always keep up to date with the latest technology.
As the person responsible for our end-to-end CX solutions, you will take on the task of maintaining pipelines, IT infrastructure and project toolchain setups. You will also be responsible for integrating new and existing tools and workflows between on-premise and cloud-based infrastructures.
Last but not least, you will design, implement, maintain and operate pipelines for automated verification and validation (V&V), delivery and deployment. Thus, you ensure that a smooth process is guaranteed and that our CX solutions are always on the cutting edge of technology.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master/diploma) in computer science, mathematics, physics or a comparable subject.
Experience and Knowledge: several years of experience in DevOps, Cloud and Continuous Integration (CI), -Testing (CT), -Delivery /Deployment (CD); good understanding in mechanisms of versioning (e.g. Git) and interfaces to CI systems (e.g. Jenkins, Azure Pipelines, GitHub Actions, GitLab); methodological knowledge in software development and supporting tools such as requirements management,  Architecture, V&V and project management are an advantage.
Personality: communicative, team player, adaptable.
Working practice: future-oriented, creative, proactive
Languages: very good written and spoken German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Mittlerer Pfad 4, 70499 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.