Jobs by email
ZEISS
SW Systems Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Take responsibility for the software system of complex medical devices that impact peoples lives
Provide technical leadership across software concepts, planing, implementation, and verification of software solutions in embeddes systems
Act as the main technical interface across worldwide R&D sites, enabling knowledge transfer, standarization and boosting of synergies across products and solutions
Support the defintion of software system specification in collaboration with product management, engineering, production, service and quality department
Calculate projects at breaking Work together with the SW teams(WBS), moderating effort estimation and technical risk stating, helping project managers to achieve an optimal time-cost-quality ratio
Ihr Profil
Master Studies in Systems Engineering, Information Technology, Computer Science, Electronics or similar area of knowledge
Excellent understanding of embedded software, networking, cybersecurity, and modular system design with software focus
Minimum 5 Years of experience in same or similar role, having influence into several teams and/or subprojects within software development
Very good experience in objected oriented design, test driven development. Modeling under UML/SysML
Excellent communication, technical leadership and moderation skills in English, German at least B1 Level
Solution oriented person able to handle different levels of abstraction and detailed design, cross functional leadership among teams and an individual contributor if required
Very good knowledge of offering processes, RFI, RFQ and project calculation
Experience in working with international teams and different time zones
Certification and Courses in Systems Engineering and/or Requirements as bonus (e.g. CfSE, IREB)
Willingness to invest in continuous learning and coaching internally other colleagues, become reference within device development in software system design and requirements engineering
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Tayfun Özen
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.