Jobs by email
Bruker Physik GmbH
SAP Manager Operation and Logistics (f/m/d)
Ettlingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Your Career at Bruker – Develop Your Potential
Bruker is a leading global manufacturer of analytical measurement systems for the life and material sciences. For more than 60 years, Bruker's high-performance scientific instruments and analytical and diagnostic solutions have empowered scientists to study living things and substances at the molecular, cellular and microscopic levels. Working closely with its customers, Bruker drives innovation, productivity and customer success in molecular research in life sciences, pharmaceutical applications, microscopy, nano-analysis and industrial applications.
Today, more than 7,500 employees in over 90 locations on all continents are working on solutions to these challenges. Bruker continues to expand its extensive product and solution offerings, its broad installed base and its reputation with customers. As one of the world's leading analytical instrument companies, Bruker continues to strive to fully meet the needs of its customers and to continue to develop state-of-the-art technologies and innovative solutions for today's analytical challenges.
We are looking in Ettlingen for a
SAP Manager Operation & Logistics (f/m/d)
Tasks / Responsibilities:
Lead and manage a global team of 5+ SAP Inhouse consultants using MbO
Collaborate with all levels of business and IT teams to identify, recommend, develop, implement, and support fast, modern, and cost-effective technology solutions and/or services for Operation & Logistics
Run SAP Operation & Logistics demand management activities for project initiation
Provide governance and oversight support for all activities of the team. Support defining and implementing IT policies, procedures, and best practices as it relates to the services and applications supported by the team.
Allocate and schedule internal and external resources to meet project and support expectations
Manage SLA driven IT support in SAP Operation & Logistics area
Willingness to take a project lead role
Recruit, train and mentor functional team members, fosters development and long-term capability
Contribute to SAP strategy and SAP CC budget management
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree
At least --9-12 years experience in Information Technology/Information Services-
3-5 years experience in Project Management leading teams, delivering projects, IT platforms or products
Adequate qualification in SAP ERP consultancy area
Bachelor's degree
Diplom/ Master's degree and/or equivalent work experience
Team player
Communication skills
Flexibility and seeing change as an opportunity
Organizational skills
Ability to manage conflict situations
Able to provide and receive constructive feedback
Able to quickly adapt to new situations
Able to work autonomously
Be proactive
Time management
Stress management
Solution-oriented work
Sense of responsibility
English language level B2
German language level C1
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bruker Physik GmbH
76275 Ettlingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.