Jobs by email
ZEISS
IT- Application Specialist (m/w/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 23 hours ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
As Application Specialist, you will be the technical owner with global responsibility for applications with focus on brand and communication management such as content creation and collaboration cloud-based applications.
You will ensure the holistic process of optimal application operation, from the initialization and implementation as well as operation to the analysis of errors and faults, to their elimination, to the monitoring of the applications as well as the execution of functional tests. IT project management and coordination of changes and enhancements and advise users on all questions regarding the software and its interfaces is also a key responsibility in this role.
Your responsibilities will include:
Close cooperation with the Product Owner of the Applications, consult and support in the planning and implementation of small to medium-sized digitization projects.
Responsible for the implementation of technical interfaces within the ZEISS IT landscape and the coordination of internal and external technology partners.
Ensuring the operation of the application(s) in accordance with the contract Service Level Agreements and business requirements of the product owner of the application.
Provide Second and Third Level Support to all global ZEISS users.
Act as global technical contact person for all users of the application(s).
Elaboration, planning and execution of integration and UAT tests within the scope of the implementation of the above-mentioned technical solution.
Ihr Profil
Degree in business informatics, computer science, or similar or completed vocational training in the IT field with further training as an IT professional and relevant professional experience.
Experience in project management, application management and application support.
Knowledge in (digital) marketing/brand, communication collaboration, automation tools.
Experience with content management systems (CMS) as well as content control and real-time content distribution systems.
Good knowledge of SaaS and cloud solutions as well as REST API's.
Knowledge in Microsoft Azure desired.
Solid knowledge of HTML and CSS.
Secure communication and presentation skills.
Good English and German language skills, written and spoken.
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact recruiting.ag@zeiss.com.
What we offer
-
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.