Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Head of Priority User Support (m/f/d)
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a changemaker (f/m/d) and join our team as a Head of Priority User Support (m/f/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Your task
We are looking for an IT lead (m/f/d) to govern E.ON's IT support for our Priority Users to ensure user & business value through a high quality standard, modern and consistent IT communication.
Therefore you will
Provide ~400 Priority Users with excellent and individual IT support (Priority Users = Supervisory Board, Board Members, Top Executives and their Personal Assistants as well as critical business functions like crisis management)
Manage compliments & complaints from the Priority Users and be the go to person for our senior management concerning Priority User support
Drive continuous service improvements b/u through finding patterns and bringing that into action with service and/ or product owners
Enforce the interaction with parallel support touchpoints for our standard users e.g., enhancing the knowledge base, analytical comparisons of most common issues
Define, own and monitor a relevant set of KPIs e.g., user satisfaction, service levels
Empower the Priority Users digitally with innovations, modern hardware and software to help to increase workmode, efficiency and satisfaction
Create entrepreneurial spirit, seeking for opportunities to add value for the users & business through technology and best practices in support functions
Lead a team of 7 professionals in IT support
Create an atmosphere of trust and reliability that fosters high performance and collaboration, encourages teamwork and accountability while rewarding initiative
Qualifications
Several years professional experience in IT Servicemanagement and continuous process improvement
Passion for perfection and excellent customer orientation (fast, competent, satisfying)
Experience in top management interaction and exceptional communication skills
Large amount of experience in customer facing roles and business stakeholder management
A successful track record working as leader (m/f/d)
Experience in value-based and analytical decisions
A successful track record in developing and executing strategies, plans and creating change programs
Exceptional written and oral communication skills in German and English are both mandatory
Location: Essen Brüsseler Platz (=our headquarter), 3 days office presence are mandatory for this position
Benefits
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Your profile
Do you have questions?
For further information please contact Karin Scholten, karin.scholten@eon.com.
What you need to know:
Job Req ID: 212599
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Part or Full time
Company: E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Location: Essen
Function area: IT/Digital; Customer Service; IT Infrastructure & Services; Quality Management; Technical Services
Our benefits
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
45131 Essen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.