Jobs by email
Quantum Aviation Solutions GmbH
Java/Full Stack Senior Developer (m/w/d) Full-time
Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The turnaround of an aircraft from arrival to on-time departure is a complex and time critical undertaking.  We support this process with our IT solutions which support the management of the ground support equipment, controls the assets (IoT), visualizes the processes and integrates with the information systems at the airport. 
Quantum is a global market leader in its field, and you will join a team that is passionate about new technologies and innovations for the airport. If you are an experienced developer, we will have an opportunity to contribute your ideas and implement new functionality directly contributing to our product suite. If you are just starting your career you will have an opportunity to learn and grow your capabilities in a dynamic team environment with flat hierarchies.
If this sounds interesting to you, we look forward to hearing from you. 
Your main tasks:
Design, develop and support applications in our key domains: 
Work on core Java EE applications deploying on WildFly
Work on microservices which are written in Java spring boot
Supporting front-end developers for business logic and API services
Involve in supporting the customers, partners, and business teams.
Participate in research for finding the best suitable solutions/technologies based on the different functional and non-functional requirements
On occasions you might visit an airport where our system is installed to have meetings with our customer
Be part of an international development team based in Frankfurt
Contribute to grow our company
Your qualification:
Strong experience in Java/Java EE and Java-ecosystem frameworks and tools (including EJB, Hibernate, Servlet, JSF, REST)
Experience of Spring and Spring boot, Spring MVC, Spring Data, Spring Security
Strong skills with messaging products like ActiveMQ, Kafka, JMS
Significant development experience, working within an agile environment and using modern engineering practices
Strong understanding of Java concurrency, experience building thread safe code
Experience with web application servers like WildFly, Tomcat etc.
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
Skills on best code practice, clean coding, and optimization of application performance
Experience with DevOps practices and CI/CD model of development would be nice
Experience with cloud native development would be nice
Skills with front-end development using AngularJS would be nice
What we offer:
Lean organization with a start-up culture
Flexible work time arrangements
A growing organization
Competitive salaries
An international work environment
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Quantum Aviation Solutions GmbH
Fritzlarer Straße 34, 60487 Frankfurt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -