Jobs by email
Continental AG
Software Release Train Architect (m/f/divers)
Neu-Ulm, Lindau, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
The Autonomous Mobility and Safety business area develops, produces and integrates active and passive safety technologies and controls vehicle dynamics. The product portfolio ranges from electronic and hydraulic brake and chassis control systems to sensors, advanced driver assistance systems, airbag electronics and sensors, electronic air suspension systems and cleaning systems for windscreens and headlights. Autonomous Mobility and Safety has a high level of systems expertise in the interconnectivity of individual components. As a result, products and system functions are created along the “SensePlanAct” chain of effects. These make driving safer and easier and pave the way for autonomous mobility.
Job Description
As Software Release Train Architect (m/f/divers) in the ADAS business unit you shape the future of assisted and autonomous driving. You work out concepts for the Software in the electronic control units together with experts from different function domains to enable software development teams creating flexible and reusable solutions for the cars and trucks driving on our streets in the coming years.
Your Tasks:
Creation of SW architecture incl. analysis, concepts and decisions on interfaces and resource usage like RAM, ROM and runtime
Consulting Agile SW Engineering teams to enable efficient and flexible SW development
Empowerment of integration and test experts to create test cases that ensure SW architecture integrity of SW builds, as well in the CI system
Ensure a versatile software is developed that can serve the needs from several customers with wide spread use cases
Exchange with other levels (e.g. system engineers and architects, solution architects, function experts, customers)
We offer a permanent full-time position at the locations Lindau, Neu-Ulm, München (Riemerling)
Qualifications
Degree in Engineering (e.g. Computer Science, SW Engineering, Informatics)
Several years of experience in SW development in C and/or C++ for real time embedded applications
Experience in SW architectures, design principles and SW modelling methods (UML) and tools
Knowledge in AUTOSAR and Security Modules (Diagnostics, Communication, CAN, Ethernet, TCP/IP, UDP, DHCP, SOME/IP,  HW/SW Security modules)
Experience in automotive processes and standards (A-SPICE and ISO-26262.6)
Practical knowledge and understanding of electronic hardware principles
Experience and passion about working according to the agile principles
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
Our products save lives. We offer you an interesting and varied job as part of a motivated team at one of the largest suppliers to the automotive industry.
An attractive compensation package, that comes along with unique flexible working conditions like hybrid work, flexible working time, sabbaticals that help you to balance work, family and spare time.
Exciting, varied projects in our high-tech customer environment.
Numerous career opportunities and the rapid assumption of responsibility, in line with our four corporate values of passion to win, trust, freedom and for one another.
A large selection of internal and external training measures supported by our Group-wide learning platform and regular feedback meetings as part of our talent management. 
A comprehensive range of additional benefits such as various sports and wellness offers, JobRad and sick pay supplement ,support for child care, subsidization of child-sick days and much more
Attractive regions to live and work directly on Lake Constance, in the country or in the cosmopolitan city with a heart.
Shape the future of autonomous mobility with us!
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €