Jobs by email
PUMA SE
Administrator IT Network (m/w/d)
Herzogenaurach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
SPEED & SPIRIT is what we look for in our candidates, defined by some simple values that inspire us to BE DRIVEN in our performance, BE VIBRANT in our sporting legacy, BE TOGETHER in our team spirit, and BE YOU to let our individual talent and experience shine. Applying for a job at PUMA is easy and all genders are welcome. Simply click APPLY ONLINE and follow the steps to upload your application.
Your tasks
"Keep people connected by providing a secure and stable network" - that's our team's mission! Are you experienced in planning, implementing and operating modern networks? Is communicating with internal and external clients one of your strengths? Then, this is the right job for you!
Be part of the team, providing a stable and secure network for all colleagues, as well as all external business partners working at PUMA Headquarters
Administration and support of the Network and Security Infrastructure (Palo Alto, Cisco)
Planning and execution of system updates
Preparation and maintenance of documentation
Participate in developing and implementing global IT Infrastructure projects
Provide support with the communication to external and internal service and business partners
Your profile
Minimum 5 years of relevant work experience within an IT Network environment
A driver who is wanting to push topics to the next level
Very good experiences in Cisco Switch Administration (knowledge of ISE is an advantage)
Palo Alto Firewall administration skills are also appreciated
Knowledge in IPAM and DNS Management would be an advantage
Microsoft Azure networks management (Azure vWAN) is a plus
Good knowledge in Wi-Fi Administration
Analytic and systematic troubleshooting skills
Good communication skills
Fluent in verbal and written business English
This opportunity will be available in full time or part time
What we offer
PUMA supports over 19,000 employees across 120+ countries. The PUMA Group owns the brand PUMA, Cobra Golf and Stichd, and is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany. PUMA provides equal opportunities for all job applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or disability. Equality for all, is one of the core principles at PUMA and we do not tolerate any form of harassment or discrimination.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
PUMA SE
Herzogenaurach, Deutschland