Jobs by email
Brainlab
IT Security Engineer (M/F/D)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Founded in Munich, Germany in 1989, Brainlab develops, manufactures and markets software-driven medical technology, enabling access to improved, more efficient, less-invasive patient treatments. Our key to success is our creative, talented and hard-working team, which consists of around 2000 dedicated and inspiring individuals in 25 locations worldwide. To succeed in reaching our targets, we are seeking committed colleagues who can stand behind our core values curious, authentic and useful:
Job Description
We are seeking a skilled and experienced IT Security Engineer to join our team. The successful candidate will be responsible for ensuring the security of our company's IT infrastructure, systems, and data. The IT Security Engineer will work collaboratively with the IT team to implement and maintain security measures to protect our organization from cyber threats. 
Your main tasks will be:  
Design and implement security protocols and policies to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our company's information systems and data. 
Monitor and analyze security risks and threats and provide recommendations for remediation and mitigation. 
Develop and maintain security documentation and procedures to ensure compliance with industry regulations and standards. 
Conduct security audits and vulnerability assessments to identify potential security issues and develop action plans to address them. 
Participate in incident response and investigation activities and provide technical expertise to support the resolution of security incidents. 
Work closely with IT and business teams to ensure that security requirements are met during the design, implementation, and operation of information systems and applications. 
Stay up-to-date with emerging security technologies and trends to ensure that our organization's security practices are current and effective. 
Knowledge of common security standards (e.g. ISO/IEC 27001, NIST 800-53, BSI IT Grundschutz) and frameworks (e.g., CIS) 
Contact person for topics related to IT security 
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Security, or a related field. 
At least 5 years of experience in IT security engineering or a related field. 
Strong knowledge of security technologies, including firewalls, intrusion detection/prevention systems, antivirus, encryption, and authentication mechanisms. 
Experience with security frameworks, such as NIST, ISO, and CIS. 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills. 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team. 
Optional certified training such as IT Security Expert, CISM or CISSP 
Advanced English and German skills 
Additional Information
A mutually-supportive, international team
Meaningful work with a lasting impact on medical technology
30 vacation days, plus December 24th and December 31st
Flexible working hours as well as hybrid work model within Germany
Parking garage and safe underground bike storage
Award-winning subsidized company restaurant and in-house cafes
Variety-rich fitness program in our ultra-modern 360m2 company gym
Regular after work, team, and company events
Comprehensive training and continuing education opportunities
Ready to apply? We look forward to receiving your online application including your first available start date and desired salary. 
Contact person: Ariadna Pijoan Marcos
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Brainlab
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.