Jobs by email
Continental AG
Senior IT Engineer Network (m/w/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The ContiTech group sector develops and manufactures, for example, cross-material, environmentally friendly and intelligent products and systems for the automotive industry, railway engineering, mining, agriculture and other key industries. Guided by the vision of “smart and sustainable solutions beyond rubber,” the group sector draws on its long-standing knowledge of the industry and materials to open up new business opportunities by combining various materials with electronic components and individual services. 
Job Description
Collaborate with other members of our Network Engineering Team to ensure the network remains in compliance with best practices, meets internal design criteria and comply with Internal Information Security and Internal Audit specified guidelines
Support, maintenance and configuration of a global communication infrastructure
Leading a small team of engineers
Assumption of responsibility for team tasks and sub-projects
Perform day to day engineering and operations tasks on Cisco Identity Service Engine (ISE) to include installation, upgrades, configuration, and troubleshooting
Participate in engineering team meetings and project planning sessions as necessary
Provide updates, presentations, and recommendations on the state of assigned duties
Manage, design, and help implement LAN/WLAN architecture
Produce service levels consistent with current business needs and future requirements
Qualifications
Academic degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or comparable qualification
Several years of related experience managing large enterprise infrastructure/network environments, performing hardware and software network engineering, designing and implementing LANs, WLANs and VPNs
Extensive experience working in large-scale data center/LAN environment
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA), Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) or equivalent experience
Knowledge and experience dealing with Telco providers on both technical and billing issues
Business fluent English language skills (written and spoken)      
Willingness to travel
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to multitask and work independently on multiple projects
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits.
Click here to find out more:
https://www.continental.com/en/career/working-at-continental/what-we-offer/
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße, Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -