Jobs by email
Continental AG
Project Security and Privacy Manager (m/f/d) REF18372O
Lindau am Bodensee
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our Business Area Autonomous Mobility at the location Lindau, Ulm or Munich.
As Project Security and Privacy Manager (m/f/diverse) you are responsible to plan and organize the security-related aspects and their work products. You will act as an interface to the project team and the customer for all security or privacy aspects, among others.
On system level you will act as the Security System Architect (m/f/diverse), where you will specify and design embedded security mechanisms, perform threat and vulnerability analysis as well as risk assessment including privacy. You will create and plan the test campaign for security aspects during the development lifecycle of the product as well.
Your tasks will focus on the following activities:
Coordinating the development of an interface agreement for security and privacy with customers and suppliers 
Providing the project security and privacy plan and schedule
Initiating and planning the security (SEC) assessment
Planning and tracing work products and their reviews, which are part of security case
Tracking the implementation status and performance of the security and privacy risk assessment for each delivery release
Creating and adapting embedded security concept
Working on system architectures with focus on security aspects
Performing security and privacy analysis and risk assessments: vulnerability analysis and risk assessment (VARA) or privacy impact assessment (PIA)
Qualifications
This completes your profile:
Bachelor / Master or vocational training in electrical engineering / computer science / physics or in a similar field of qualification
Experience with data protection (privacy regulation), security and privacy standards, methods and approaches (ISO/SAE 21434 within the automotive area or comparable industries (e.g.: aerospace or telecommunication))
Several years of experience within the automotive area or comparable industries (e.g.: aerospace, telecommunication)
Good understanding of automotive embedded system architecture and requirements engineering
Profound knowledge of security (IT security, software and hardware system)
Knowledge in technical risk analyses (e.g. threat analysis and risk assessment / TARA, STRIDE or FMEA)
Good German and English language skills (written and spoken)
Quick comprehension and analytical thinking skills
Creativity
High level of commitment and organizational skills in a team and in independent tasks
  Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome
Additional Information
What we offer:
Our products save lives. We offer you an interesting and varied job as part of a motivated team at one of the largest suppliers to the automotive industry
An attractive compensation package, that comes along with unique flexible working conditions like hybrid work, flexible working time and sabbaticals, that help you to balance work, family and spare time
Exciting, varied projects in our high-tech customer environment
Numerous career opportunities and the rapid assumption of responsibility, in line with our four corporate values passion to win, trust, freedom and for one another
A large selection of internal and external training measures, supported by our group-wide learning platform and regular feedback meetings as part of our talent management
A comprehensive range of additional benefits, such as various sports and wellness offers, JobRad and sick pay supplement
Child care services, subsidies for child-sick days and much more
Attractive regions to live and work directly on Lake Constance, in the country or in the cosmopolitan city with a heart
You would like to learn more about our additional services? Click here to find out more.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Peter-Dornier-Straße, 88131 Lindau am Bodensee, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -