Jobs by email
Continental AG
Global Process Manager Deliver – SAP ERP and S/4 Hana (m/f/diverse) - REF21536X
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary. 
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
Please provide your application in English
In your role as Global Process Manager Deliver – SAP ERP and S/4 Hana (m/f/d) you will support our Automotive Operations Team in Frankfurt.
Have we sparkled your interest? Then please read on and learn more about your future tasks and responsibilities. We are already looking forward to receiving your application! 
Management of SCM Business Processes as part of a global SAP-Template in classic ERP on the one hand, as well as preparation of S4 Hana (excl. EWM) processes mainly focusing on Customer Order Management, Billing, Outputs and Customer Returns
Participation in the design and implementation of the S/4 transformation (excl. EWM)
Sustainable consulting of internal customers as part of the Second Level Support in Global SAP ERP
Driving continuous improvements including process review, technical implementation, testing and documentation in classic ERP and S/4 Hana
Responsibility for the alignment of change requests with internal business partners (e.g. Controlling), Key-Users and IT)
Information exchange with Key-User-Community as well as conducting trainings and workshops, virtually and on site
Conceptual development of process performance measurement
Qualifications
Academic Degree in the field of Economics, Supply Chain Management, Industrial Engineering, Information Systems or comparable qualification
Several years of professional experience in S4 Hana w/o EWM and/or in SAP ECC SD (e.g Automotive Industry)
Experience in value-stream-mapping
Experience in project management
Very good knowledge in SAP SCM Modules
Good presentation skills
Business fluent English and fluent German language skills (written and spoken)
Structured way of working as well as entrepreneurial mindset
Skills in teamwork, communication and intercultural work
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits.
You would like to learn more about our additional services? Click here to find out more: https://www.continental.com/en/career/working-at-continental/what-we-offer/
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Guerickestraße 7, 60488 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -