Jobs by email
snapADDY GmbH
Software-Tester m/w/d
Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About snapADDY
snapADDY develops software-as-a-service to digitize the world of sales. With our products, we help companies automatically capture contacts and leads at trade shows and in everyday life. In this way, we reduce the unnecessary and cumbersome work of manually entering contacts and improve data quality in CRM systems. Our software solutions enjoy great popularity and are currently used productively by more than 2.000 customers: from start-ups to medium-sized companies and corporations.
Since its founding in 2015, the company has grown from a start-up to a team with over 70 international employees. In January 2021, we opened our second location in Vulaines-sur-Seine, near Paris. Our mission is to become the world's leading company that automatically keeps CRM systems up to date and provides the best quality way to capture contacts and leads.
Your daily doing will involve
Manual testing of our software products (web apps, browser extensions, apps)
Explorative testing (exploring on your own and finding bugs)
Destructive testing (pushing our software to its limits)
Working through and expanding test checklists
Testing new features before release
Usability feedback
Your profile
Basic IT skills
High affinity for technology
Structured and analytical way of working
Ideally, a 14-20 hours weekly availability to work
What we can offer
Your own exciting field of responsibility, which you can advance significantly
Varied tasks in a motivated and dynamic team
Work in a rapidly growing and successful tech start-up with flat hierarchies
Working with the latest technologies in the top equipped 750 m² office in the city center of Würzburg
Free drinks, cereal bar, fruit basket and team events with team dinner
Regular and free massage directly in the office
The best colleagues of the whole city
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €