Jobs by email
HyperChrom Deutschland GmbH
Technical product designer -draftsman - development engineer
Be an early applicant
Alfter
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
HyperChrom Deutschland GmbH - hyperfast GC - researches, develops, and sells ultra-fast gas chromatographs - a game-changer ! We are a Bonn-based start-up in the maturity phase, a small, interdisciplinary team of experienced technical developers, service engineers and analysts, which is now being expanded with capable and intelligent professionals.
As part of the development department, you will work continuously to bring out the best in HyperChrom's globally unrivalled Hyper-Fast gas chromatography. In close cooperation with a small, interdisciplinary team of experienced technical developers, service technicians and analysts, you will develop the Hyper-Fast GC of tomorrow and implement occasional special requests from customers. Know-how in the areas of electronics and software is particularly in demand.
Ihre Aufgaben
Technical product design: transforming ideas into construction
Visualization (CAD drawing) of technical knacks and concepts in the field of product design and in product development
Development - improvement of mechanical modules - conceptualise, create, enhance and actualise products;
Design, engineer, manufacture, and test mechanical modules and assemble prototypes;
End-to-end smart product designing and development for rapid, quality, and cost-effective manufacturing;
Troubleshooting, analysis and, if necessary, contribute in repairing faulty modules and devices;
Hands on experience on milling -turning lathe, 3D printing and using CAD drawing programs are considered as an asset.
Ihr Profil
Technical product designer - drafter - development engineer
Relevant hands on experience (workshop - lathe - 3D printing) is considered an advantage
Curiosity, creativity, and the ability to work in a team.
A structured and solution-oriented way of working.
Good language skills in German and English.
Valid car driving licence.
Wir bieten
Future-proof employment in a rapidly developing company.
Comprehensive training in State of the art GC technology of the highest quality.
Supportive team in a flat hierarchy.
Independently work on your own development projects right from the start.
Opportunity to grow together with HyperChrom even without prior professional experience.
Flexible working hours by arrangement.
Mobile availability under own business mobile number, so that leisure time and business assignments can be easily separated.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HyperChrom Deutschland GmbH
Konrad-Zuse-Strasse 1-3, 53347 Alfter, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -