Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Developer (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You have fun working in an agile, international and high-spirited team
You develop on our fascinating products for leading edge scientific and industrial applications, e.g. high end light microscopy applications for cutting edge biomedical research, dynamic in-situ electron microscopy for battery research
You are responsible for working on concepts, design and implementation
Ihr Profil
You have an university diploma or master degree in computer sciences, informatics, mathematics or a comparable experience as software developer in a corporate environment
You have experience in using C#, .NET, WPF, ideally in desktop application development using Visual Studio, AzureDevOps and GIT
You have experience with unit testing, test automation, patterns, clean code and SOLID principles
You are motivated and driven to work in a collaborative agile team
You have strong communication skills in English and ideally in German
Why ZEISS?
We offer modern workspace and flexible hours
We are an open-minded team with a strong team spirit
We live a flat hierarchy and empower individuals
We make an impact within and beyond ZEISS
  Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Mrs. Riya Mukundan
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.