Jobs by email
Paessler AG
Application Support Specialist (Full- / Part-time)
Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
As an Application Support Specialist you will support our customers worldwide in the deployment of Paessler PRTG. You will be part of an international support team. 
It doesn't matter if you work from home in Germany or Austria or in our modern office in Nuremberg. The decision is up to you.
You like to be in contact with customers and partners and communicate in German and English? You have experience in IT or technical support and are not afraid to solve highly complex problems in a team?
Then apply now!
Your Tasks
Support via our helpdesk systems for users of our software solutions in English and German
Mainly 2nd level support for IT professionals, reproducing the various use cases of our customers on our example systems
Intensive error analysis based on log files, screenshots and snapshots 
Deep "digging" into the use cases of our customers, who come from a wide variety of industries 
Involvement in product development and 3rd level support in close cooperation with our software development team
Your Profile
You are trained in network, IT or system administration or IT specialist or have a comparable background
You have already gained professional experience in technical or application support 
It is easy for you to empathize with the daily challenges of our customers
You are familiar with network protocols such as SNMP, SSH, Flow and WMI
You are fluent in English (C1) and have a good command of German (B2)
Ideally, you also have experience with IoT, products such as VMware, Cisco IOS, NetApp or are well versed in script programming or Powershell
Facts for you
Innovative and creative work environment with plenty of room for new ideas
Regular events to explore innovative topics and new technologies (e.g. Hackathons, Innovation Week, Open Space)
Wide range of further training and personal development opportunities 
Flexible working hours as well as a family-friendly environment
Subsidized ticket for public transportation, bike leasing, bicycle cellar (incl. showers) and sufficient parking spaces
Paessler is a fast-growing midsized company that has been in the market for 20 years. The company is focused on long-term goals and is currently comprised of 350 employees
More Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Paessler AG
Nürnberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.