Jobs by email
BioNTech SE
Senior Engineer* Release Management SAP
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Become a member of the BioNTech Family!
As a part of our team of more than 4.000 pioneers, you will play a key role in developing solutions for some of the most crucial scientific challenges of our age. Within less than a year, we were able to develop our COVID-19 mRNA vaccine following the highest scientific and ethical standards - writing medical history.
We aim to reduce the suffering of people with life-changing therapies by harnessing the potential of the immune system to develop novel therapies against cancer and infectious diseases. While doing so, we are guided by our three company values: united, innovative, passionate. Get in touch with us if you are looking to be a part of creating hope for a healthy future in many people's lives.
Your tasks
We are building up our IT landscape with an ambition to create something really unique, that helps BioNTech to realize its vision. We have a once in a lifetime opportunity to invent new ways of working and create our solutions from scratch. In the position as "Senior Engineer* Release Management SAP" you are responsible for the Release Management of assigned SAP modules and the alignment with the corresponding SAP Satellite systems. Additionally your are responsible to ensure adherence to BioNTech processes in all SAP projects.
Your main responsibilities are:
Process governance and cross-functional alignment of SAP Methodology
SAP Release Management, coordinating releases with all other stakeholders, the implementation and deployment teams
Coordination of all release activities across business and IT functions
Continuous improvement of SAP Release Management methodology
Key contact person and escalation body for for Functional Experts and System Owners regarding the alignment of SAP releases
Your profile
What you have to offer.
University degree, e.g. in life science, engineering, computer science or other relevant area
Experience in large scale SAP projects
Experience in Computer System Validation
Pharma background or related work experience in the pharmaceutical industry is a plus
Strong project, stakeholder and communication management skills, leadership capabilities
Structured and accurate way of working, hands-on mentality
Fluent in German and English, German is a plus
High proficiency in Project Management and experienced in agile methods
What we offer
Benefits for you.
Company Pension Scheme
Childcare
Jobticket
Company Bike
Leave Account
Fitness Courses
Mobile Office
Special Vacation
... and much more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BioNTech SE
55131 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.