Jobs by email
E.ON Energy Markets GmbH
Azure Data Platform Engineer - Energy Markets (d/f/m)
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
E.ON Energy Markets GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
E.ON Energy Markets GmbH is a subsidiary of the E.ON Group headquartered in Essen, Germany. Its main purpose is to bundle access to trading markets for E.ON's regional units, the associated risks and to perform services and additional value-creating activities. This includes the provision of portfolio strategies, risk management concepts and business activities in the field of data and information processing. The company is active in various European countries.
E.ON is one of the strongest operators of European energy networks and energy-related infrastructure, as well as a provider of advanced customer solutions for more than 50 million customers. With a total of over 75,000 employees we are represented in 15 countries. By focusing on two sustainable growth areas and with the acquisition of innogy, we are ideally positioned to drive the energy transition in Germany and Europe.
At E.ON diversity matters. We welcome all people and are convinced that differences make us stronger. Become part of our inclusive and diverse company culture!
Your tasks
Responsibilities
You create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture with in the Azure Data platform
You assemble, process and organize large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements using technologies in Azure Data platform
You collaborate with data scientists and data analyst and prepare data for predictive /classification models
You implement containerized microservices or packages in Python
You implement datawarehouse solutions in Snowflake and analyse data using PowerBI
You identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
You drive innovation with special focus on automation, process optimization, cloud security
You actively promote knowledge exchange in the wider Energy Markets community
Your profile
Qualifications
Minimum 2+ years experience of using Python
Strong technical capabilities around technologies such as: Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, Azure Machine Learning, Azure Functions, Snowflake, PowerBI
Basic technical capabilities around technologies such as: Azure Kubernetes Cluster, Docker, build and release pipelines (CI/CD)
Enthusiastic about new technologies and entrepreneurial in running technical pilots
Experienced in solution design
Knowledge about Azure cloud security and identity management
Data engineering certification in Azure is a plus
Good knowledge on Python
Basic understanding of Energy Trading and Risk Management, Allegro expertise is advantageous
Ability to work both independently and within a team in combination with excellent communication skills
Fluent in English, German is advantageous
What we offer
Benefits
Apart of our inspiring and dynamic international working atmosphere we have following attractive employee benefits to keep you motivated and healthy:
flexible working hours
regular trainings
E.ON Pension Plan
private car leasing
free parking space
company credit card
fitness/health center and physiotherapy
job ticket available
kindergarten places
family service support
subsidized canteen
Additionally, we offer...
the opportunity to shape the new energy world
the chance to shape E.ON's future
exciting business challenges to be solved
a space to develop ideas and create personal impact
an agile and hands-on environment
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
E.ON Energy Markets GmbH
45131 Essen, Deutschland