Jobs by email
ZEISS
Solution Architect - MarTech and Omnichannel (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
Munich based permanent job with 40-60% hybrid work option
Great colleagues and a lead to support your professional development from day one
Your role at ZEISS Digital Partners
The Digital Architecture and Analytics group within ZEISS Digital Partners specializes in providing our businesses with holistic technology solution architectures across all areas of the MarTech stack from data to analytics and reporting, audience management, and omni channel activation. With cross-functional expertise across Analytics and Architecture, we are developing a Solution Architecture practice that will help businesses navigate through the complexities of integrating the different components of marketing technology.
We are looking for an experienced Solution Architect who can straddle both business requirements and technology implementations to deliver Marketing Technology solutions that drives digital growth. This role encompasses aspects of Technical Architect and Business Subject Matter Expert. The Solution Architect co-creates with businesses, systems integrators, and architects to design all functional and technical aspects of a solution. In some instances, it may require hands-on experience looking at systems to point out opportunities for improvement.
Work with platform and data specific architects to design complex omni channel solutions that involve the integration of various Marketing and Sales Technology platforms (mainly from the vendors Salesforce and Adobe)
Responsible and accountable for the technology solution architecture
Lead technology conversations with Sr. Management to present innovative tech strategies to senior leadership teams including new technology adoption, upgrades of existing technology tools to improve overall operational efficiencies and customer satisfaction
Design solutions based on MACH architectural principles (micro-services, API-first, cloud-native, headless)
Create solution architecture diagrams (C4) and prepare architecture decision records (ADR) for omni-channel and MarTech initiatives
Shape the digital future of ZEISS – at speed and for scale, driving digital growth!
  If you would like to know more about the role, kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sandro Phan (sandro.phan@zeiss.com).
Ihr Profil
Ability to bridge business & technical requirements to provide a cohesive, seamless solution to scale and perform.
Ability to develop a viable, scalable, and integrated technology blueprint across all areas of marketing and sales technology with feasible technology choices that meet our business requirements, help growth, and fit in with existing technology.
Ability to wear multiple technology hats across systems integration, technology consulting, and technology solution design and architecture.
Ability to participate and lead technology discussions with prospects (RFP support).
Experience in legacy migration of technology solutions.
Understanding of micro-services, API-first, cloud-native and headless (MACH) architectures is helpful.
Fluent in English, German a plus.
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Sandro Phan
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.