Jobs by email
ZEISS
System Specialist - Software Validation High-End Microscopy (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
   In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
   Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
   Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
   Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
  Ihre Rolle
ZEISS Microscopy is the world's only one-stop manufacturer of light, electron, X-ray microscope systems and offers solutions for correlative microscopy. Our portfolio comprises of products and services for life sciences, materials and industrial research, as well as education and clinical practice.
As System Specialist SQA - Microscopy at Carl Zeiss Microscopy you will be working in an international, highly-motivated team on exciting and cutting edge products (e.g. high-end light microscopy applications for cutting-edge biomedical research, or dynamic in-situ electron microscopy for battery research)
Your Role:
Ensure the quality of our microscopy software platform ZEN, which supports many innovative ZEISS microscope systems for Light and Electron Microscopy
Facilitate the development of new features by planning, conducting and documenting system tests
Support our 2nd level support team to provide timely and appropriate solutions for our customers
Develop automated UI test cases using BDD and Python
Be responsible for setting up and maintenance of new microscope test systems
Advocate and promote quality awareness within an interdisciplinary team of experts in an international environment while working closely with product managers, project managers, developers, architects and UX specialists
Ihr Profil
University degree in material or natural sciences or a comparable qualification
Solid experience in microscopy applications
Prior experience in development projects for complex systems, consisting of hardware and software would be a huge plus
Passion for quality assurance, great communication skills and the ability to work in international teams
Programming experience, e.g. in Python and would be advantageous.
Business fluency in English is a must. Proficiency in German would be a plus
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Mrs. Riya Mukundan
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.