Jobs by email
ETAS
Product Security Architect / Red Team PenTester for AUTOSAR (m/w/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to ETAS
Founded in 1994, ETAS GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Robert Bosch GmbH with international sales offices in Europe, North and South America, and Asia. ETAS' portfolio includes vehicle basic software, middleware, and development tools for the realization of software-defined vehicles. „Empowering Tomorrow’s Automotive Software“ – all our product solutions and services are focused on this to enable vehicle manufacturers and suppliers to develop and operate software-defined vehicles with increased efficiency. Holistic cybersecurity solutions in the automotive sector are offered via the ESCRYPT brand.
The ETAS GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
In this role you will define Product Security Testing Strategy (what, why and how) to support us in realizing the product quality according to the customer needs
To implement this strategy you will use best in class tools and methods to challenge our products to make us learn and improve
You will support projects and products by skills and infrastructure for engineering services to work with customers on ISO/SAE 21434:2021 projects
Knowing that development of secure products is a team challenge, you will guide and educate the teams about methods and individual findings you discover in red teaming exercises
Together with the development teams, you will analyze security quality issues, vulnerabilities and incidents
Finally, you will also support regional hubs and customer teams to professionally manage and operate product security activities, including alignment with customers
Your profile
You hold a university degree in the field of Computer Science, (Embedded) Cybersecurity Specialization, or a comparable course of study
You have deep first-hand knowledge about Pentesting methods and tools
Ideally, you have some background in Classic or Adaptive AUTOSAR or are willing to learn intensively about it
Overall, you can be described as a supportive technical expert with product quality mindset
You also love to break things so that we can improve them for the customers
Last but not least, you are fluent in English, German language skills would be an advantage
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ETAS
Borsigstraße 24, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -