Jobs by email
ZEISS
Power BI Platform Engineer (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting solutions in a diverse, stable work environment that’s focused on the future. Join us in a modern work environment with an open and inspiring culture and colleagues.
The ZEISS Digital Partners unit based in Munich, Oberkochen and Jena is realizing cutting-edge customer-centric digital solutions jointly with the ZEISS business units.
Your role at ZEISS Digital:
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. As a Power BI Platform Engineer at the ZEISS Digital Partners, you are part of our Enterprise Data Platform team and collaborate with Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Product Owners and Partners to drive digital products. Together with your colleagues, you will be responsible for managing, advancing, and operating the global Power BI environment which also includes the Power BI Report Server. By doing this, you will perform administration tasks like setting up and maintaining Gateways, managing the tenant settings, monitoring the system oversight, and developing best practices to enable the business users. You will support in the conception and technical implementation of strategic data platform projects and drive the platform further regarding our Data & Analytics strategy. Furthermore, you will work with the business to enable them to build suitable and scalable data products based on our Big Data Analytics Platform and Power BI.
Ihr Profil
A university degree, preferably computer science, natural sciences, or engineering, paired with a passion for data platforms
Professional experience in managing Power BI across an organization (Power BI Report Server and Power BI Service)
Expertise with other Power Platform services e.g., Power Apps, Power Automate, Dataverse
Know-how and passion to adapt the Microsoft technology and governance to the organization
The capability to create and manage data flows and data models
Experience in common Azure Services (like Azure SQL, Azure Data Lake, Azure Synapse, Databricks)
Good (T-)SQL skills; basic skills in Python or another programming language e.g., C#/PowerShell
Passion for building up Community of Practices
Good communication skills and the capability to align with stakeholders and partners
Strong capabilities in analytical thinking
Passion in exploring new technologies as well as advancing and operating data platforms (e.g., Power BI, Azure Synapse)
Fluent English skills; advanced German language skills would be a plus
At ZEISS we encourage creative thinking and innovation. We work in dynamic and interdisciplinary teams and offer individual development perspectives as well as flexibility in organizing your work. We care about our employees and take particular responsibility for improving society and preserving our environment. These core values have shaped our corporate culture at ZEISS for over 170 years.
Join us and shape the future!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.