Jobs by email
Exyte Management GmbH
Lead SAP Service Manager (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Your vision is ambitious. Just like ours.
Exyte is a global leader in the design, engineering, and delivery of ultra-clean and sustainable facilities for high-tech industries. With cutting-edge expertise developed over more than a century, we serve clients in the sophisticated markets of semiconductors, battery cells, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. Exyte offers a full range of services from consulting to managing the implementation of turnkey solutions with the highest standards in safety and quality to our customers worldwide. We create a better future by enabling key industries to enhance the quality of modern life. In 2021, Exyte generated sales of EUR 4.9 billion with around 7,400 employees worldwide.
Our people are our success. As one of us, you will contribute to engineering excellence for the high-tech markets of the future, including semiconductors, batteries, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. At Exyte, you will be part of a global community of challenge seekers who are ambitious and passionate about innovation. Together, we will build on our company’s long history and keep on leading the way to a better world.
Discover your exciting role
Accountable for Management of the SAP R3 and S4 ERP suite using ITIL framework in close co-operation with infrastructure team. Daily operations as well as projects needs to be re-designed, implemented and continuously improved. Budgets have to be planned, reported and forecasted.
Explore your tasks and responsibilities
Manage SAP internal and external Team 
Build SAP S/4 Hana new Team
Transform the current mode of operation to a ITIL process based
Stabilization of system landscape as well as the development of the team
Implementation of IT Service Management
Manage external suppliers and contracts
Show your expertise
Master / Bachelor degree in Computer Science or similar
7+ years experience in SAP ERP application management on global scale (SAP certifications)
ITIL processes, TOGAF, CMMI, PMI, Prince2 IT project mgmt.
Experience in management of multinational teams
Assertiveness, seniority, communication skills, engagement, flexibility
Get more than just a job
Engineer World Changing Facilities
Health & Well-being
Environment of Excellence
Career Growth
Commitment to an Incident-Free Workplace (IFW)
Global Opportunities
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Exyte Management GmbH
Löwentorbogen 9b, 70376 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -