Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software Architect for Compiler Development (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
We support our customers with sensor boards, calibration and fusion libraries, AI and ML functionality, tools to visualize and analyze all signals, and finally cross compilers for our smart sensors. Each component has its own complexity and challenges. For this position focus will be on compiler and deployment topics.
As software architect, you are responsible for the architecture, design, and operations of the compiler, debugging and profiling software components:
Design and work on specific compiler backends for the LLVM ecosystem
Specify the architecture of the integration of the development tools
Understanding of intermediate representations and their transformation
Take care of testing, verification, and release aspects of the compiler
Define together with other architects the future roadmap of build tools
Work cross functionally with system architects, engineers, and data scientists across multiple domains especially in the field of machine learning and artificial intelligence
Your profile
Personality: Fast learner, especially for technical topics, extremely motivated with a sense of ownership. Strong customer focus, active decision driver, entrepreneurial attitude with a high motivation for consumer electronics business
Working Practice: Independent and creative with the willingness for interdisciplinary and cultural exchanges and close cooperation with all relevant stakeholders, responsible, quality driven
Experience and Knowledge: 3+ years of experience and a deep understanding of compiler architecture and implementation, especially LLVM. Advanced knowledge of C/C++ and assembler are a must, Python and Javascript are a plus. Understanding of ML/AI frameworks like Tensorflow is important, also knowledge of processor designs and hardware architectures. Alternatively, you have worked with OpenGL/Direct3D shading languages and the GPU driver stack.
Education: MSc/Diplom in Computer/Software Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems or similar qualification
Language: Business fluent English, other languages welcome
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Gerhard-Kindler-Straße 9, 72770 Kusterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.