Jobs by email
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Spare Parts Management -Logistics Business Consultant (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Tomorrow is our home.
Find out how you can enjoy, grow and perform at BSH Home Appliances Group: As a leading manufacturer of home appliances and solutions, we encourage commitment and open-mindedness among our employees. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff as well as our local brands, our focus truly is on innovation. And that doesn’t just apply to our products and services, but also drives the way in which we cooperate, exchange ideas and organize our teams. Everyone is invited to make their individual contribution to our overall success. Join us now and give your career a home.
Spare Parts Management -Logistics Business Consultant (m/f/d)
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Full time / Part time |
Munich
Your responsibilities
You will be working in an exciting, international environment and contributing personally to the company’s success. Challenging tasks and projects await you, such as
Define Features for business requirements towards spareparts management product
Provide customizing for new spareparts solutions / Business Process Consulting
Working on Business Requirements / Creation of functional specifications
Describe and prioritize product & team backlog items
Stakeholder communication and alignment
Your profile
Completed studies in the field of IT, business informatics
Deep knowledge in SAP SD, SCM modules in Release 4.7 and S4 HANA and Knowhow in SAP Debugging
Willingness to travel / ability to orchestrate different stakeholders
Experience in international projects, working with agile methodologies (SAFE)
Fluent English and also fluent German skills necessary 
Your benefits
Remuneration according to the collective agreement of IG Metall (30 days vacation, additional payments)
Flexible working time models that adapt to current life situations (e.g. mobile working, part-time, job sharing, sabbatical)  
Promotion of professional and personal development at BSH's internal Global Learning Campus
Attractive company pension plan financed by the employer  
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Carl-Wery-Str. 34, 81739 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates