Jobs by email
BMW Group
Domain Architect Passenger Entertainment (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Operations team in München is currently seeking a
Domain Architect Passenger Entertainment (f/m/x)
Tasks
IT IS INFRASTRUCTURE THAT CONNECTS PEOPLE WITH ONE ANOTHER.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
Complex systems require careful maintenance - ideally from people whose good ideas and enthusiasm can truly shine in a supportive work environment. Because people like this make IT unique, smart and ready for the future. Without IT, the innovative power of the BMW Group would simply not exist.
Our team is responsible for all passenger entertainment products at the BMW Connected Company. We would like to invite you to a fantastic journey to create our future products.
What awaits you?
You define, document, and promote your software domain architecture design.
You contribute hands-on to software development activities (e.g. proof of concept implementation).
You coordinate activities and review the architecture the ensure the highest quality.
You consider stability, performance, security, and platform reusability aspects in your work.
You evaluate the impact of different software solutions on the overall system design.
You will be in close contact with the development teams.
You identify dependencies and clarify technical requirement with other software domains to ensure a consistent end-to-end solution.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in Computer Science, Electronics or a comparable field of study.
Very experienced in leading HW/SW projects and related state-of-the-art methods for project management.
You have ideally been responsible for an ECU development in the automotive area.
You have ideally experience in SW architecture work.
Understanding of business administration.
Business fluent in English and German.
You have the talent to quickly grasp and structure complex issues? Apply Now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: Full-time
Contact:
Hatice Yildirim
BMW Group Recruiting Team
+49 89 382-17001
Job Reference: 75864
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.