Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
Senior Software Developer C++ for VR/AR and visual decision-making applications (m/f/d)
München, Stuttgart, Berlin, Hamburg, Darmstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Your role:
Dassault Systèmes is the second largest software manufacturer in Europe and has been a dynamically growing, innovative company since 1981.
Do you have dreams? Do you enjoy challenges? Here at Dassault Systèmes, we empower people with passion to change the world.
As a Senior Software Developer (m/f/d) you will develop product experience applications with a focus on design reviews, high-end visualization, perceived quality, and VR/AR immersive experiences.
Your responsibilities:
Working closely with relevant portfolio managers to evaluate and translate business needs into detailed requirement specifications
Ensuring assigned activities are completed within committed objectives, schedule, and costs
Collaborating with software developers, UX designers, QA, and documentation locally as well as worldwide across the company
Learning the latest high-end visualization and VR/AR technologies and concepts and concepts of the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform and the toolkits to build web and native design and CAD applications
Ensuring the quality of the development, e. g. by providing automated tests
Your qualifications:
Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science. Bachelor's with at least 6 years or Master's with at least 4 years of post-college professional software development minimum experience
Advanced skills in object-oriented programming and modern C++, knowledge of JavaScript, and in-depth experience working with revision control systems such as Git and Subversion
Good software design skills and experience developing high-performance algorithms for managing data structures
Preferably, experience in the field of developing computer graphics applications, high-end visualization methodologies, or VR/AR technologies
Self-reliant, solution-oriented way of working, and good organization skills and Quality Assurance knowledge
Good English language skills are required, speaking German and/or French is a plus
What's in it for you:
A permanent job in a sustainable, innovative, science-oriented international company 
An open, creative, dynamic work environment in a motivated team  
Varied challenging and rewarding tasks 
Attractive training opportunities, supportive colleagues 
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €