Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Agile Tool Architect MB.OS (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER0001VCB
Aufgaben
In Research & Development Mercedes-Benz Cars (RD) we are shaping the automotive generations of the future. By this we mean innovative products with the highest quality and efficient development processes.
We are already working on vehicles that will continue to secure the technological leadership of the Mercedes-Benz Group in the future.
Modern vehicles offer a variety of innovative and connected software functions that contribute to the future viability of the company.
We are already developing many brand-specific and competitive functions ourselves. In order to bring software-driven innovations to customers even faster and more efficiently in the future, we are continuously increasing the development depth within MB.OS.
The role of our team in developing and introducing agile processes, methods and tools. We attach particular importance to offering workflows adapted to the developers and to establishing common standards for MB.OS.
Are you interested in joining forces with us?
Then apply as Agile Tool Architect MB.OS and help us design the processes, methods and tool landscape for MB.OS. A highly motivated team with an open culture characterized by feedback awaits you. You can find out more here: Interview with Patrick Schmitt
Among other things, these challenges are awaiting:
Understanding of all user requirements for agile and scaled agile workflows
Development of new and adapted solutions with experts and users (= MB.OS developers)
Harmonization of workflows and coaching of agile teams & release trains
Permanent Communication with users within MB.OS and their support
Qualifikationen
Ideally, you qualify for this job by:
Degree in engineering or computer science
Tools/programming languages: JIRA, Confluence, Python, Java, C
Experience in the area of Automotive SPICE and Scrum/SAFe
Experience in function/software development
Excellent spoken and written English, German optional
Personal skills:
Independent and goal-oriented approach to work with high-quality results
Open personality and teamwork skills
Strong desire for improvement and learning
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: SBV-Sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com.
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.