Jobs by email
Fresenius Medical Care
Data Governance Engineer MedTech (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
With us, it's never the same. Except our ambition.
Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal diseases. As a global health care company, we have  a special goal: provide the best possible care. Join us to improve the quality of life for a growing number of patients around the world and be a vital part of our team.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
The Data Governance Engineer is a key role for our COE Data Governance & Transformation. As a key stakeholder, you are part of an outstanding team, with the clear goal anchoring Data as a Product across the whole MedTech portfolio. This role requires a strong background in regulatory requirements, a strong sense of accountability, direct engagement with Legal & Privacy departments as well as IT Security, Data Science and Architecture & Engineering teams. There you will run key initiatives for data governance, data quality and protection topics for the MedTech segment and will work closely with Business and Functional area leadership to improve the quality and value of core data assets.
Your assignments
Responsibilities:
Facilitate data lifecycle management and data stewardship best practices with a focus on improvement of Data Governance, esp. for GDPR, Data SOP etc.
Establish quality tools of sensitive data through modifications to governance metrics, processes, related tools, and data architecture
Opinion leader in discussions with business and data stakeholders globally to ensure clarity, consistency, understanding and adoption of standard definitions for business metrics
Being familiar with GDPR, PII (PHI), legal (DPO), Data Privacy (DPIA) functions to interact as key partner and trusted advisor
Serve as an interface between data stakeholders in the business and across the organization to ensure alignment, communication and understanding of the Data as a Product framework and drive accountability in operationalization
Implement new procedures for the data environment, including data quality standards and orchestrating the data lifecycle, e. g. data catalogs, data flow, data lineage etc.
Help defining requirements for the overall IT tool landscape, and introduce a holistic data lifecycle management
Deliverables:
Be the nucleus of FME, Medtech, DSS and Data solutions in all Data governance related topics
Ensure transparency on data assets, access rights and limitations in cooperation with the data architecture and engineering function
Defined roles and responsibilities related to data governance and ensure clear accountability for stewardship of the company’s principal information assets
Your profile
Several years of experience in Data Governance functions with relevant experience in defining and implementing data governance frameworks, documenting data flow & process mapping, metadata management, Data as a Product Framework, etc.
Experience working with regulatory compliance frameworks (e. g. GDPR)
Extensive experience and knowledge of data governance strategies, data quality and data protection management practices
Outstanding understanding of technology solutions, and experience creating data management tasks, e. g. glossaries, data modelling and data catalogue
Being a team player with innovative mindset and hands-on mentality
Our offer to you
There is a lot for you to discover at Fresenius, because we have a lot to offer. No matter in which field you are an expert (m/f/d) and how much experience you bring with you – for your professional future with meaning:
The opportunity to work on a mobile basis, individually in consultation with your manager
Whether in front of or behind the scenes – you will help to make better and better medicine available to more and more people around the world
Individual opportunities for self-determined career planning and professional development
A corporate culture in which there is enough room for innovative thinking – to find the best, not the fastest, solution together
A large number of committed people with a wide range of skills, talents and experience
The benefits of a successful global corporation with the collegial culture of a medium-sized company
Your Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Fresenius Medical Care
10115 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.