Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Research Engineer for Distributed Control (f/m/div.) - remote possible
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
Future products from Bosch are connected and learn during operation. Especially for dynamic systems interacting with each other new challenges arise for developing and safeguarding such functionalities. We focus on developing new approaches at the interface between control theory and computer science to ensure distributed systems behave reliable, especially for time and safety critical scenarios.
As a research engineer, you will analyze, model, and simulate dynamic as well as distributed systems and develop safe approaches for solving complex learning and control engineering problems.
You will design and validate data- as well as model-based methods to adapt controlled dynamic systems to the actual timing effects and environmental conditions in a flexible way. Here you will apply these methods to constrained linear, nonlinear, and distributed systems with parameter as well as structural uncertainties.
Last but not least, you maintain close contact with the customer, take into account product-specific requirements, and prepare solution approaches as well as minimum viable software products in a target-group-oriented manner.
Your profile
Education: excellent PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Cybernetics or Mechanical Engineering
Experience and Knowledge: sound knowledge of model-based linear and nonlinear control theory, experience with distributed or network controlled systems, identification methods based on physical and data-based models, uncertainty quantification, practiced use of modern software tools
Personality and Working Practice: proactive, responsible, methodically, structured, solution-oriented and quality conscious
Enthusiasm: enthusiastic about technical challenges, likes to develop solutions in interdisciplinary, diverse teams and implement them up to the functional model, interest in software engineering methods
Languages: very good in English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.