Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
Application Engineer for Real-time & Automotive Multibody Simulations - SIMULIA (m/f/d)
Gilching, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
Your role:
Dassault Systèmes is the second largest software manufacturer in Europe and has been a dynamically growing, innovative company since 1981.
SIMULIA provides simulation technologies that enable Dassault Systèmes customers to develop digital twins of their products to reproduce their behavior through numerical simulation. The physical domains covered by SIMULIA range from motion simulation (multibody simulation) to fluid dynamics, electromagnetics, vibroacoustics and finite element structural analysis. Among all these disciplines, SIMULIA develops the most technologically advanced solution for multibody simulation in industry based on its Simpack product portfolio.
Within this framework, we are looking for an Engineering Consultant (m/f/d) as Pre-and Post-Sales Consultant for our expert group in multibody simulation and motion analysis. If you are passionate about mechanical engineering and industrial applications of numerical simulation, this position offers you the opportunity to join one of the best teams working in this field worldwide.
Your responsibilities:
Simpack provides best-in-class functionality bringing multibody models to real-time simulators. Being a member of the real-time group, you will:
Provide expertise to help customers to integrate and run Simpack multibody models into real-time hardware simulators  (e. g. driving simulators, engine test benches etc.)
Build Simpack models for real-time applications, including developing scripts for task automation
Interact with SIMULIA/Simpack R&D for the specification of new software features
Provide trainings to customers 
Perform engineering services activity in the field of real-time and software in the loop applications
Typical industrial applications that you are going to work on are as follows:
Automotive vehicle handling and ride comfort
Powertrain, drivetrain systems and electric drive  
General machinery applications
Your qualifications:
Master of Sciences in Engineering, Mechanical, Mathematics or related fields 
Very good command of English and good level of German (written and spoken)
General knowledge of system dynamics and controls 
Experience with Multibody Simulation – Simpack or another Multibody Simulation Tool (Adams, Recurdyn, Virtual.Lab Motion, Simdrive, AVL Excite, Romax, MASTA etc.), especially in the Automotive and Vehicle dynamics domain
Practical knowledge of real time applications, hardware-in-the-loop setups, such as dSPACE, Concurrent SimWB
Knowledge of vehicle dynamics, model-based control, software-in-the-loop setups 
Software: Linux OS experience, programming experience e. g. Javascript 
Strong interpersonal skills to add value in customer relations
What's in it for you?
A permanent job in a sustainable, innovative, science-oriented international company
An open, creative, dynamic work environment in a motivated team 
Varied challenging and rewarding tasks
Attractive training opportunities, supportive colleagues
The position can be located in Munich and Gilching.
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €