Jobs by email
Exyte Management GmbH
SAP S/4 Hana Service Manager Finance (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Your vision is ambitious. Just like ours.
Exyte is a global leader in the design, engineering, and delivery of ultra-clean and sustainable facilities for high-tech industries. With cutting-edge expertise developed over more than a century, we serve clients in the sophisticated markets of semiconductors, battery cells, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. Exyte offers a full range of services from consulting to managing the implementation of turnkey solutions with the highest standards in safety and quality to our customers worldwide. We create a better future by enabling key industries to enhance the quality of modern life. In 2021, Exyte generated sales of EUR 4.9 billion with around 7,400 employees worldwide.
Our people are our success. As one of us, you will contribute to engineering excellence for the high-tech markets of the future, including semiconductors, batteries, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. At Exyte, you will be part of a global community of challenge seekers who are ambitious and passionate about innovation. Together, we will build on our company’s long history and keep on leading the way to a better world.
Discover your exciting role
The Service Manager owns, implements and manages the Solution to continuously discover, manage, optimize, automate, protect and govern solution adoption. While tech-savvy, the Service Manager is focused on maximizing business returns on Solution investments while ensuring compliance with applicable policies and regulation. The Service Manager possesses a natural curiosity and strong analytical skills useful for solving complex problems, complemented by collaboration skills and strong relationships across IT, security, procurement, and line of business teams. The Service Manager Finance is accountable for cost management, budgeting, SLA adherence, operations of the solutions, its performance and related ITIL processes.
Explore your tasks and responsibilities
Manage the solution lifecycle:
Discover solution usage
Process requests for new solution adoptions
Manage configuration policies
Optimize costs and entitlements
Automate onboarding and offboarding processes
Measure and publish reports on usage and costs for IT Finance, Product Managers and IT leadership
Monitor availability
Support governance of vendor relationships
  Own and administer the Solution, including:
Tool selection, deployment and maintenance
Configuration and customization
Alignment to business and IT requirements
Reporting dashboards
Role-based user access management
Vendor Management
Product roadmaps
Integration with IT service mgmt, software asset mgmt, self-service catalog, identity and security tools
  Develop and manage the catalog of applications.
Research and collaborate with peers and experts to learn and follow Solution best practices.
Process service requests and continuously improve and automate lifecycle management of employees and SaaS.
Manage, troubleshoot, resolve and escalate SaaS application availability SLA breaches.
Participate in the major incident management process to investigate, diagnose and remediate outages.
Create, publish and communicate knowledgebase articles for use by IT support staff to enhance their ability to resolve incidents; and implement changes to minimize IT support overhead.
Integrate SMP into ITIL, ITSM, SecOps, DevOps and ITOM processes to improve the quality and stability of SaaS.
Collaborate with digital workplace engineering, I&O and IT security teams to establish and document SaaS configuration, security controls, compliance requirements and processes to continually identify vulnerabilities in configuration and non-compliant usage of SaaS apps.
Collaborate with digital workplace, IT asset management and procurement teams to optimize SaaS usage and costs; and manage SaaS renewals.
Show your expertise
Master’s degree in computer science, information-technology, engineering, system analysis or a related study, or equivalent experience
Certification in SOLUTION
5+ years of experience with Solution management or administration
2+ years of experience with Software Asset Management (SAM) 
3+ years of experience supporting enterprise IT environments
Experience with standard IT Operations frameworks (e.g., ITIL)
Experience with IdP, SAML, SCIM, and API integrations
Working understanding of SaaS contract cycles and entitlements
Experience automating SaaS application data flows via a scripting language
Experience using automation and scripting tools and languages (e.g. PowerShell, Bash, Python)
Expertise in administration of key SaaS, including Jira, Confluence, Slack, Zendesk and ServiceNow
Ability to read and write technical documentation
Familiar with modern development practices and the development lifecycle with experience using Scrum, Kanban and other agile methodologies
A passion for SaaS management and automation, with an awareness of the latest digital trends
Pragmatic and detail-oriented.
Maintains a maniacal focus on personal development to elevate professional knowledge and skill. Takes the same approach to business process improvement to enhance and drive the optimization of SaaS. Maintains an outside-in perspective by building and maintaining peer networks.
Ability to quickly learn, implement, integrate and utilize new technologies.
Combines and organizes information into meaningful patterns; identifies underlying relationships, causes and effects; and combines pieces of information to form conclusions or general rules.
Ability to work across business lines at senior levels to influence and effect change to achieve common goals.
Excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to explain complex technology to employees.
Ability to effectively address projects, requests and other competing priorities.
Digital dexterity. Ability to learn and utilize digital workplace technologies to catalyze new ways of work.
Get more than just a job
Engineer World Changing Facilities
Health & Well-being
Environment of Excellence
Career Growth
Commitment to an Incident-Free Workplace (IFW)
Global Opportunities
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Exyte Management GmbH
Löwentorbogen 9b, 70376 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -