Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Cellular 4G/5G Firmware Lab Technician
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Do you have a passion for invention and self-challenge? Do you grow by pushing the limits of what’s considered feasible? As part of an outstanding modem team, you’ll craft sophisticated innovative embedded firmware that delivers more performance in our products than ever before. You’ll work across fields to transform improved hardware elements into a single, coordinated design. Join us, and you’ll help us innovate new wireless systems technologies that continually outperform the previous iterations. By collaborating with other product development groups across Apple, you’ll push the industry boundaries of what wireless systems can do and improve the product experience for our customers across the world. Do you want to have an impact on every single Apple product? As a Cellular 4G/5G Firmware Lab Technician, you will be at the center of the embedded 5G/4G/multimode cellular firmware effort within a silicon design group responsible for crafting and productizing groundbreaking cellular SoCs.
Tasks
You will be responsible for
Assisting our firmware verification engineers and multi-functional teams
Setup, run and maintain test hardware, test racks, and test equipment in the lab
Build lab supporting tools based on engineer’s requirements and mentorship
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications:
Hands-on experience in setting up computer hardware in an automated test environment
Experience with solving computer and computer network-related issues
Experience as a technician working on soldering and PCB work in an R&D lab
Ability to read and understand electrical engineering drawings, including schematics, layouts, and other technical documents
Comfortable with using basic hand tools, multimeter, and other electronic tools
Knowledge of basic electronics and soldering
Familiar with Mac, Mac-Mini, and their software.
Familiar with key networking concepts and configurations
Experience with IT support is a plus
Education and Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Electronics, Electrical Engineering or equivalent
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €