Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
AI Software Architect (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As AI Software Architect / Consulting you will be responsible for defining and driving architecture for AI and software projects within Bosch Digital.
Part of your work involves defining overall architectural principles, frameworks, technologies, models and algorithms.
One of your tasks are defining use-cases and creating solution proposals.
You have strong experiences and overview of existing models & algorithms and you are able to select them based on technical, commercial and legal aspects.  
The correlation between data models, training data and infrastructure (e.g. databases) can be communicated easily to different stakeholders by you.
The development of codes excites you and you enjoy working hands-on in the process of software development.
Experience with development API´s.
You are able to consult and interact in the field of AI and software with other experts of other Bosch organizations.
Optional: Experiences in working at agile projects.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computational Linguistics or related fields
Personality: communicative, accountable
Working Practice: resilient, initiative
Experience and Knowledge: several years of experience in AI, data, cloud and micro-service architecture and API development; experience in agile Software development; programming knowledge in Python, Java & Java Script
Enthusiasm: passion for AI and software combined with a personality that inspires people
Languages: fluent in English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.