Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Test Automation Engineer - Microscopy (f/m/x)
, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
ZEISS Microscopy is the world's only one-stop manufacturer of light, electron, X-ray microscope systems and offers solutions for correlative microscopy. Our portfolio comprises of products and services for life sciences, materials and industrial research, as well as education and clinical practice.
As a Software Test Automation Engineer - Microscopy at Carl Zeiss Microscopy you will be working in an international, highly-motivated team on exciting and meaningful products (e.g. high-end light microscopy applications for cutting-edge biomedical research, or dynamic in-situ electron microscopy for battery research)
Your Role
Ensure the quality of our microscopy software platform "ZEN", which already supports many innovative ZEISS microscope systems. With "ZEN" we inspire our customers worldwide in both research and industry.
Implement automated test cases based on requirements, features, manual test cases or directly from the existing functionality.
Analyze test results and work with software developers to troubleshoot issues.
Support the development and maintenance of a company-wide and cross-site test automation framework and help to shape new standards and processes for test automation.
Support the system specialists in their manually performed tests by providing suitable semi-automated test tools.
Raise quality awareness in an interdisciplinary team of experts in an international environment in close cooperation with product managers, project managers, developers and architects.
Ihr Profil
University degree in computer science/informatics or a comparable qualification.
Extensive experience with Python and C#.
Solid experience with test automation for complex systems consisting of hard ware and software in an industrial environment would be highly advantageous.
Prior experience with GUI Testing (e.g. Selenium) is desirable.
Familiarity with Gherkin (Cucumber or similar), CI/CD Tools (Jenkins, Azure DevOps) and Git.
Proficiency in English and preferably fluency in German or the willingness to learn German.
Strong quality awareness, great communication and analytical skills.
Agile mindset and the ability to work in international teams.
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Joseph Taroni-Luxton, Mrs. Riya Mukundan, Sayem Chowdhury
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.