Jobs by email
BestSecret Group
Principal Software Engineer Java (m/f/d)
Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About BestSecret Group
We are a leading European members-only online destination for premium and luxury off-price fashion. Partnering with over 3,000 international brands, our tech-focused mindset and strong commitment to sustainability drives a truly unique experience for our members. With almost 100 years of experience behind us, and a major tech transformation ahead, BestSecret is scaling at pace to become one of Europe’s most exciting ecommerce players. We are proud to have a diverse team of over 1,700 employees from over 80 countries and are committed to further building out our international team with the very best talent based at our various hubs across Europe.
PRINCIPAL SOFTWARE ENGINEER JAVA (M/F/D)
Location: Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
Our agile Software Engineering team operates within a wide range of technologies such as Java, Kotlin, Spring Boot, Hybris, Elasticsearch, Kafka, Vue.js, GraphQL, Gitlab, Docker, Kubernetes, Azure and many more. In addition to our in-house tech stack, we also work with a large number of integrated specialist-service providers, e.g. payment service providers.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
You will design, build and run the systems that deliver our web shop experience, leading your team, but staying close to the code every day.
You work in close collaboration with product management in a data-driven environment to enable quick and continuous delivery of business value.
You are a technical reference within your team and enable mature software design & architecture decisions to ensure our e-commerce platform is highly scalable and supports the strong growth of our business.
As a coach, you will guide your team, creating a healthy, collaborative work environment, closely aligned with your Engineering Manager.
You align with your peers across other engineering teams, evolving the overall architecture where synchronization is needed or beneficial. 
YOUR QUALIFICATION
Proven track record of about 8+ years of practical experience designing and building Java based software in complex, large-scale environments.
You have experience as a technical or team leader, taking care of team culture and growth, the quality of your teams' software and how it interacts with other systems, and the creation of business value.
You are not only passionate about building new applications with the latest technologies, but also about working with and future-proofing existing large-scale applications, e.g. by decomposition.
You are an effective communicator on complex technical or business topics, within your team and across different roles in the company.
The community is very important to you, and knowledge sharing is essential for your and the success of surrounding teams.
Fluent English language skills (German or Spanish is a plus) in combination with in-depth methodological knowledge in agile environments.
BENEFITS
Become part of our success story and work in an innovative working environment
Individual training for your personal development
Find an environment where you feel comfortable and can develop fully
Great employee discounts for your perfect style
Stay fit and healthy with our corporate memberships at exclusive fitness and wellness clubs in Germany
Attractive salary package and 30 days of vacation
Highly motivated colleagues and a thorough induction phase
Hybrid working gives you a high degree of flexibility
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.