Jobs by email
H&F Solutions GmbH
DevOps Engineer (m/w/d)
Nürnberg, München, Stuttgart, Augsburg, Würzburg, Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Would you like to work with us to create something revolutionary for our customers?
We are looking for team players who are enthusiastic about our vision.
When it comes to bringing billions of data records and thousands of documents digitally into the flow in the future, we are the experts. H&F Solutions GmbH is a German deep tech company. We develop intelligent networking software that enables a smooth flow of communication between company systems.
As a DevOps Engineer (m/f/d) you have the opportunity to make a difference and actively help shape the digital future. You work in an agile, self-organized team with an open feedback culture. We rely on responsible and motivated people who want to grow personally and are willing to learn new things. 
Your tasks
You work as a permanent member of our product development team
Further development of our highly scalable, k8s-based infrastructure together with our partner
Automation and development of the CI/CD
Independent design and constant optimization of our developing environment
Automation of administrative tasks within product development
Documentation of the developing environment
Infrastructure monitoring and reporting 
    Your profile
You have a bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, business informatics, engineering or a related discipline
You are familiar with tools like Kubernetes and have specialist knowledge in the areas of development, operations, databases and automation
You are familiar with IT security and data protection requirements
You have a high IT affinity in relation to system and application development
You can be characterized as a responsible person with an outside-the-box-thinking mindset, as well as a service orientation and the ability to work well in a team
Great commitment and a structured, goal-oriented and reliable way of working round off your profile
We offer
You have the chance to create something revolutionary with us
Coworking spaces in southern Germany with free catering
You decide whether you work in the office, at home or from a café
A modern corporate culture with flat hierarchies and a high level of personal responsibility
Benefit from our incentive system and extensive development opportunities
A well-rehearsed team with passion and dedication
Open and honest communication
H&F Developer Conference
Our team events promote a sense of togetherness 
Are you ready to start the revolution?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Meal coupons
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.