Jobs by email
GOhiring GmbH
Technical Product Manager Backend (f/m/d) - remote
Home-Office, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Technical Product Manager Backend (f/m/d)
GOhiring is the leading software company for automated job posting and recruiting analytics. With our tool, recruiters can manage the entire job posting process in one place – from data-driven multiposting campaigns to in-depth analysis along the candidate journey. We help recruiters make the most out of their online job postings.
Your role
Your mission - a perfect backend: You make sure that our backend runs smooth and gets better and better.
APIs play a key role for us, as we merge data from different systems used in recruiting (for example ATS and job boards). You ensure a coordinated integration and talk to our external partners on a technical level.
You support the service team by reviewing and implementing proposals to optimize our offering.
You create finished concepts for the further automation of our offer: Within the framework of our product roadmap, you coordinate your drafts internally and estimate the outlay.
Your daily work: There are regular meetings with the engineers and QA. Your workday is mostly project-based, self-directed and filled with communication.
Your profile
You have several years of professional experience - for example as a solution architect or as a technical project manager.
You don't have to be a developer, but you understand the basics of APIs and have experience in automating processes.
You have a degree in a technical field, such as computer science or business informatics.
You are open to agile development methods and perhaps already familiar with Kanban or Scrum.
You’ve gained (first) leadership experience and want to continue becoming a leader.
You speak and write English effortlessly.
We offer
More than a job - discovering the future: You'll work at the heart of digitalization in recruiting and perhaps discover the job of a lifetime.
Remote culture: Work from where you are most productive - be it at home, while traveling or in our office in Berlin.
Flexibility: Look forward to processes and mindsets that are 100% geared towards time-flexible and location-independent work.
Making a big difference in a small team: We believe that small teams are more fun. Direct collaboration, lots of creative freedom, learning from each other - that's our understanding of productivity.
Want to work together on the future of recruiting?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €