Jobs by email
Saint-Gobain Services Construction Products GmbH
S/4 HANA Program Manager Deputy
Aachen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
From my office I bring out the best of my personality and develop digital innovative solutions.
Welcome to Saint-Gobain
"MAKING THE WORLD A BETTER HOME" - that is our purpose. We develop, produce and distribute materials and solutions for the construction sector and various industrial markets with our large brand portfolio in a continuous innovation process. As a global top employer with around 170,000 employees in over 70 countries worldwide, we combine sustainability and performance.
Saint-Gobain Services Construction Products GmbH with its 3 business units Purchasing, Finance, and Information Systems exclusively provides services for Saint-Gobain Group companies.
In line with our strategic plan "Grow & Impact" Saint-Gobain is launching a Business & Digital Transformation Program at European level based on S/4 HANA. The core team, with members from various countries, will be located in Aachen. The program-coordination for Europe will be managed from here.
Be part of this adventure and enrich our team in Aachen as soon as possible as
S/4 HANA Program Manager Deputy
for the project area "Program Governance". Profound Project-Management Capabilities (10+ years) are required, in a waterfall / agile IT project environment.
Your tasks
Help the program & leaders to review the IT staffing and schedule
Ensure that project resources receive any necessary training and are used effectively
Measure and monitor progress at clearly defined points in the process to ensure that the project is delivered on time, within budget, and that it meets or exceeds expectations. Balance scope, schedule, budget, quality, and risks. Adjust as necessary
With other leads, develop, implement, and maintain the project plan
Ensure that all requirements, project plans, and changes to commitment are communicated to all affected team members
Facilitate relationships and coordination work between different teams (Core & Local) at different locations, and with the Partner
Ensure that the project team follows all quality assurance processes, including periodic reviews and transitions
Participate in quality management reviews as outlined in the manage quality task
Review and collect all changes to the requirements. Contribute to the design authority
When necessary, represent the IT project team at steering committees
Measure that the project’s IT case planned value is delivered
Your Profile
Ability to manage all aspects of the program, including resources mobilization, logistic and planning
Ability to document and communicate the status of progress against plans, helping the Program Manager to take corrective action as necessary
Ability to manage the success of metrics defined by the project and the organization
Ability to manage business C-1 level relationships
Ability to identify, clarify, and resolve issues and risks, escalating them as needed
Ability to negotiate changes to commitments / requirements
Ability to review project deliverables for completeness, quality, and compliance with established project standards
Fluent in English & readiness to travel within Europe
Your Perspective
Versatility - working in an international group that is at the same time characterised by a very entrepreneurial attitude
Health and safety - health measures, fitness offers, company doctor and Employee Assistance Programme (EAP Assist) for mental well-being as well as an employee assistance fund
Personal development and perspectives - tailored to your personal career, personal personnel development programmes, own e-learning platform, access to the Saint-Gobain Academy
Benefits - employee share programme, company pension scheme, access to the discount tool; corporate benefits, JobRad, childcare facilities and much more.
We promote diversity - the promotion of women in management positions is a particular concern of ours.
Sustainability orientation in accordance with our purpose "MAKING THE WORLD A BETTER HOME".
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Saint-Gobain Services Construction Products GmbH
Krefelder Straße 195, 52070 Aachen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -