Jobs by email
Verivox GmbH
Senior Frontend Engineer (m/f/d) - Ref.:21540
Berlin, Heidelberg, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Become part of the Verivox Team!
Verivox is part of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and is one of the leading, independent online consumer portals in Germany. Since 1998 it is our mission to help consumers get the best deals for electricity, gas, DSL, mobile phones, finances, insurances, real estate, cars, motorbikes and travel. More than 8 million happy customers have compared prices, and then changed their provider - thereby saving more than EUR 1.6 billion. We are a fast-growing and profitable company and continuously strive to improve our services. Whether at any of our ten locations in Germany or in Switzerland: we are one team aiming to give our customers a better experience every day. A flat hierarchy and innovative and dynamic processes help us in achieving this aim - while still having fun being part of the team.
What you can expect
Become part of the Verivox team!
If you are looking for a nine-to-five job, this is not for you. But if you are into product development and taking our insurance products to the next chapter, we love to hear from you.
We are looking for a Senior Frontend Developer (m/f/d) for our offices in Berlin, Heidelberg or Munich. The offer includes the option of working several days per week in the mobile office.
Your Mission
Through your expertise, you provide excellent user experience to our web application
You are part of a cross-functional team and in close cooperation with UX Designer, Backend engineers, QA engineers and Product Owner in an established Agile environment
Make sure what you develop is always in line with the product vision
Strive to see the big picture and collaborate with the team to connect the dots
Suggest improvements, ideas, and solutions and offer help
Bring your opinion to the table and be a present voice during product and technical discussions
Your essential experience and education
You love front-end development and strive for a good user experience combined with good code quality
You have worked building software for 5+ years
You have a lot of experience in modern frontend technologies such as Angular or React
TypeScript, Node.JS, HTML5 and SCSS are your daily companions
You have good knowledge of Cloud infrastructure
You take end to end responsibility of your code and its delivery to the customer
You are fluent in English, German is a plus
What's in it for you?
More than 500 employees from over 30 nations as a collegial community with flat hierarchies
Our "New Normal": generous mobile office regulations enable you to work flexibly from home - already today, but also after Corona
Open, modern and friendly working environment with a startup feeling
Own area of responsibility with room to develop your own ideas and concepts
A relaxed and constantly evolving work environment where success is as important as regular team events
Informal working environment - no dress code
Exclusive employee benefits such as job ticket, job bike, lunch allowance, employee discounts and company pension scheme
Complimentary hot and cold drinks and fresh fruit
Centrally located with optimal transport connections
Variety of technologies. Our team works with Kubernetes/G-cloud, Docker, React, RabbitMQ, Jenkins, C#, .net core, PHP, locust, pact, ELK among others
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €