Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data & Analytics Training Specialist (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of the company’s data culture and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS
In this function, you will support the Data & Analytics team at ZEISS Digital Partners in its data literacy programs and foster a culture of learning and upskilling across ZEISS
You will play a critical role when it comes to setting up the internal training portfolio (focused on enabling the technical skills) and the definition of related learning paths for the ZEISS Digital Partners Data & Analytics Team
By identifying and collecting the individual learning needs, you can use your prior expertise to find and implement suitable learnings
The conception and evaluation of the internal training portfolio for Data Analytics will be one of your key responsibilities
You will be part of a young & dynamic team that puts strong emphasis on diversity, growth opportunities and creating business impact through data-driven innovation
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree in business, psychology, media, education, or other related fields
At least 2 years relevant professional experience in the field of training or talent development, preferably in the field of Data Analytics
Relevant experience in the conception of technical learning content, also in video production (willingness to use new video software)
Experience with e-learning conception in Rise and Articulate Storyline
Advanced knowledge of SharePoint Features
A natural interest in state-of-the-art technological developments and a good understanding of technical feasibility of data-driven products and services
A natural talent for training, coaching, inspiring and developing people in a fast-changing environment
Excellent communication skills written and orally as well as the ability to handle multiple tasks and interact with various stakeholders on all seniority levels (internally and externally)
Experience in video content creation is a plus
Excellent English skills and German skills
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Annett Burger, Markus Repp
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.