Jobs by email
ZB MED - Informationszentrum Lebenswissenschaften
Software Developer (m/f/d)
Be an early applicant
Köln
Temporary contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
ZB MED - Information Centre for Life Sciences is the national infrastructure and research centre for life science data and information. Our services support research for people and the environment: from medicine to biodiversity to environmental protection.
Information Hub for Life Sciences
We provide the infrastructures for literature and information supply, data management and the handling of large amounts of data.
Data Sciences for Life Sciences
We conduct applied and transdisciplinary research. We enable data analysis and generate data potential. As a partner to research, we create new knowledge that is oriented to the needs of the community.
You are experienced in software development and the joy of diversity?
We are looking for you as a Software Developer (m/f/d)
Salary Group E 13 TV-L
in the Publication Platforms Department, initially for a limited period of two years on a full-time basis; we intend to remove the time limitation at a later date.
With the ‘Open Science’ project, ZB MED develops and provides services in the field of open access and research data. These services include PUBLISSO and German Medical Science, which are both open access web applications for publishing scientific research papers aimed at everyone who works on and with scientific publications. They offer online journals, congresses, research reports, and books from the entire fields of medicine and the life sciences.
Your future field of activity:
In close cooperation with our coordination office, you will independently take on tasks, such as
(Further) Development of our Drupal-based publishing platform PUBLISSO
Supporting the maintenance of CI/CD processes
Supporting the import and export of large data packages to and
from the publication web application PUBLISSO
Your professional qualifications and personal skills:
Completed university degree in computer science or comparable qualification with in-depth knowledge of web development (ideally Drupal)
Solid knowledge of programming languages for web development (PHP and JavaScript)
Confidence in handling version management software (git)
Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD)
Knowledge of container technologies (Docker) and orchestration tools (Kubernetes, Ansible)
Basic knowledge of HTML and CSS, XML
Ideally first experience with XSL transformations
Care and accuracy at work
Communication skills, ability to work in a team as well as independently
Good knowledge of English and German
Good work ethic and hands-on mentality
Interest in learning new technologies
If applicable: willingness to relocate to Germany
We offer:
A wide range of varied and challenging tasks
Work in a committed team
Extensive training and further education opportunities
Very flexible working hours and the possibility of mobile working
Online language learning tools
Supplementary pension scheme
Use oft he cafeteria/canteen
30 days of holiday with a five-day week
Your application:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZB MED - Informationszentrum Lebenswissenschaften
Gleueler Str. 60, 50931 Köln, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -