Jobs by email
Continental AG
Senior Software Architect (m/f/d) REF19880Z
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
The SW Architect (m/f/diverse) performs the process of designing the SW Architecture and checks its implementation throughout the project, i.e., decomposition of SW functions and requirements to component level, specification of interfaces between SW components and their interaction.
The position is to be filled in the area of Chassis Control Units.
Tasks and Responsibilities:
Design of the SW Architecture and ensuring the feasibility, functionality and integration with existing and future automotive systems/platforms
Coordination of component interfaces and interaction
Support of the System Architect (m/f/d) when defining the System Architecture
Conduction of SW architecture reviews
Comparison of estimated versus measured resource consumption, e.g., RAM/ROM/NVM/CPU load on Microcontroller, and if measured resource consumption exceeds the defined limits, either finding solutions to cope with given limitations (e.g., by optimization) or increasing available resources (e.g., by negotiating resource limits or upgrading the microcontroller)
Support of the SW integration
Close collaboration with SW Project Management, Requirement Management and 3rd party solution owners
Qualifications
Academic degree in electrical engineering, computer science or comparable qualification (software emphasis)
Professional experience in software development and architecture is mandatory
Technical lead of a software development team within the scope of software design & architecture
Experience in working in a worldwide decentralized RnD organisation
Very good knowledge in software architectures (esp. AUTOSAR, MCAL, MICROSAR Safe OS), design techniques and methods
Knowledge in embedded software development with multicore application (Lockmechanism, multicore operating system, synchronisation and data consistency) as well as with multicontroller system (inter processor communication)
Knowledge in software development processes (V-Model, ASPICE)
Knowledge in agile software development (SCRUM, KANBAN, SAFe)
Knowledge in software requirement & configuration management as well as in respective tools (DOORS JAZZ, Git/GitHub)
Knowledge in functional safety (ISO 26262) up to ASIL D
Knowledge in cyber security (ISO 21434)
Knowledge of SW integration and SW integration tests
Knowledge about Automotive BUSes (CAN, LIN, FlexRay) and related tools used for integration and integration testing (CANoe, CANalyzer)
Business fluent German and English language skills (written and spoken)
Team player with intercultural social skills
Good communication and moderation skills
Passion for software and personal commitment
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
You are looking for an individual working time model? We support part-time work.
Additional Information
Next to the interesting daily work the region around Regensburg is offering a high recreational value and quality of life
Extensive benefits at the location such as different canteens and cafeterias, a continuing education and training, health management, etc.
We are promoting lifelong Learning combined with personal and professional development
For an improved work-life balance we support you with various initiatives for a better compatibility of family and career
Furthermore, you will have the option of a flexible work schedule model
Diverse topics and projects as well as insights into the Automotive industry
You are looking for an individual working time model? We support part-time work
You would like to learn more about our additional services? Click here.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €