Jobs by email
The Mobility House GmbH
Junior DevOps ELK Engineer (f/m/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Shaping an emission-free energy and mobility future - that is the goal of The Mobility House. To this end, our technology links the automotive and energy sectors. We integrate vehicle batteries into the power grid through intelligent charging and energy solutions. The whole thing was born 11 years ago from a simple idea of our founder Thomas Raffeiner: What if you could use idle electric cars as mobile batteries? And thus make their potential available to the energy industry with its growing storage needs? Thus the idea for The Mobility House was born.
With over 200 employees, we are active worldwide from our locations in Zurich, Munich and Belmont (CA). We are constantly on the lookout for new faces who, like us, are enthusiastic about our vision. Do you want to be part of the future with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application.
What we offer you
Becoming part of our vision to jointly shape an emission-free energy and mobility future 
A high degree of responsibility right from the start and rapid advancement in a rapidly growing and innovative company 
An open, diverse & very motivated team 
Flexible working hours and additional vacation days 
Mobile working from home and additional 20 days in other European countries possible 
The latest IT equipment to make your working day easier 
A Wellpass membership to keep you fit 
The possibility to lease your desired bike via JobRad 
Modern office with good public transport connections 
And much more!  
What you do
You support in designing, implementing, scaling, and maintaining our ELK stacks using tools like CloudFormation and the pragmatic use of automation  
You support in improving observability and alerting for our ELK stacks 
You contribute to the continuous improvement of technologies, tools and processes to ensure highest quality in our products 
You work in a team where we share knowledge and skills with each other
Who you are
As a DevOps / Elastic (ELK) Stack Engineer, you have significant experience setting up and managing Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana in AWS Cloud 
You have experience in monitoring and tuning ELK stacks 
You have knowledge of the Linux OS and of Shell scripting 
You have knowledge of the Python language 
You enjoy a good challenge and solving difficult problems 
You are a team player and enjoy working in crossfunctional teams 
You have good communication skills and you can provide constructive feedback
You have a university degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience 
Do you fit to us?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
The Mobility House GmbH
St.-Cajetan-Str., 81669 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Company mobile phone
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Terrace
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.