Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Digital Acceleration Manager (d/m/w)
Donauwörth
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
We, Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH, are looking for a Digital Acceleration Manager (d/f/m) for current and future projects at the Donauwörth site as soon as possible.
Airbus Helicopters Digital Transformation - Our purpose & mission  
Who we are? Our Digital Transformation Office takes care of the following topics - our mission, in a nutshell, is as follows: 
Accelerate Airbus Helicopters digital tansformation:
> Communicate to leverage digital awareness 
> Develop synergies with the Group 
Digital supports the TCOs:
> Support Airbus Helicopters Functions digital road maps definition 
Create value out of data:
> Data & analytics ambition 
> Industrialization & scale-up of digital capabilities  
Prepare the future with Digital:
> Trainings 
> Community of Practice 
Digital Acceleration Manager (d/f/m)
In this context we are offering you a position as Digital Acceleration Manager (d/f/m) in Donauwörth!
As part of the Digital Acceleration Office, you will:
1/ Accompany the Business to produce their Analytics
At Airbus Helicopters, we want to develop the Analytics (visualization of performance), Advanced Analytics and Artificial Intelligence to improve our company performance but also prepare the future.
You will use Design Thinking Methodology, or any other new ways of working, to accompany the lead function to identify their operational difficulties and you will accompany them to define what need to be improved and how. 
You will coordinate or deliver the Analytics project elaboration: from framing, to Minimum Viable Product and up to industrialization.
You will develop your skills, train yourself and use our platforms Skywise and Spotfire to be in a position to offer or orient the Business Functions towards a maximum of Business Intelligence or Analytics solution.
  2/ Accompany Functions Digitalization Journey
You will support Function digitalization journeys. You will accompany their reflection thanks to Design Thinking. You will constantly look for benchmarks, within the Group or externally, to nurture and inspire the Business and promote best in class solutions.
Also a projekt is to rethink the customer experience and reduce our offers' lead time. The target is to define the strategy, scope and roadmap by April 2023. You will support the project leader, relay the departments needs to the other departments and ensure the adequate support is offered.
3/ Additive Manufacturing and digital capabilities 
You will support the development of the Additive Manufacturing by supporting the Engineering and the Production teams by organizing trainings and animating the Community of Practice.
You will connect with different stakeholders to promote the digital & technologies capabilities at Business Functions: e.g. Additive Manufacturing, Artificial Intelligence, Mixed Reality, Internet of Things, Blockchain.
You will also connect with the Group to identify synergies. 
4/Other 
You will increase digital awareness of Airbus Helicopters Top Management, including ExCom members.
The opened job is based in DON and a minimum of 2 business trips per month will take place to develop the adequate network with Marignane, external companies (benchmarks), digital shows and Airbus Group. 
Who are we looking for as our new team member?
Your Education:
Engineering diploma or similar graduate program 
Ideally a Data Science or Airbus Nano Degree training
In all cases, on the job training will be set up to master the Airbus Data platform and solutions (e.g. Skywise, Spotfire and SAP Business Warehouse)
Your Profile: 
Entrepreneurship mindset
Autonomy  
Ideally with an experience in Data Analytics 
Communication skills
Fluent English required  
Team player
How do you apply?
Does this job posting match your ideas and profile? Then come on board and simply click on the "apply" button on this page.
Please upload the following documents in the further application process:
Cover letter, resume, relevant references, other documents.
We are looking forward to getting to know you!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Donauwörth, Deutschland