Jobs by email
Zumtobel Group
Embedded Software Developer (m/f/x)
Dornbirn
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Easy apply
Save
AT, Dornbirn
Tridonic, the Zumtobel Group's technology company, is a leading global player in the field of lighting technology that produces innovative hardware and software for smart and connected lighting systems.
Your job
You work at the forefront of Tridonic´s innovations for components - you develop embedded software for smart light components.
You participate in the entire development process for the embedded software (eSW), which is written in C for Cortex - based micro controllers.
You implement proper unit and integration tests in C++ and Python run on CI systems.
You maintain and update embedded software projects of existing products in close cooperation with the testing, support and product management teams.
You are part of our innovation team, checking the newest technologies for hardware control, sensorics and also communication standards (Bluetooth Mesh, Matter, …) and preparing prototypes for different components for lighting solutions.
Last but not least you perform a very exact and clear documentation of all processes.
Your profile
You are a highly motivated and solution driven software developer who enjoys working in cross-functional teams to find the perfect solution.
You have successfully completed a technical education (advanced technical college or university degree) in computer science, electrical engineering or a similar base.
You gained practical experience in embedded software with C/C++ and (optional) Python programming – ideally for devices with limited resources.
You have worked with typical software development tools like Eclipse, Git, Jira, UML.
You are familiar with digital and analog electronics as well as electronic measurement tools.
You are inspired by cross-cultural collaboration within a globally distributed development team.
You should be fluent in English, the ability to speak German is an advantage.
What we offer: Premier league of the profession plus maximum quality of life
Five brands in 90 countries, production facilities all over the world, a workforce of just under 6,700 people: all the ingredients to innovate the next generation for smart and connected devices.
The Position is located in the beautiful City of Dornbirn, Austria, the nearest ski slope and the beach at Lake Constance are only 20 minutes away: a great quality of life awaits you and your family.
We offer flexible working hours to ensure that your family and your leisure interests are not neglected.
Enlightening your career
We curiously discover new fields of work together, our mentoring program is meant to support you to fully develop your skills and potentials.
Work-Life-Balance
Your best individual work-life balance will vary over time, often on a daily basis, this is why we offer flexible working-models and sabbatical options for our employees.
International perspective
Be part of a network of creativity and high-tech and contribute to an ecosystem that enables you to realize your potential within multinational, intercultural teams.
Open-minded and respectful culture
Working for the ZG means to be a part of an open-minded and passionate culture based on the spirit of the company’s founder Dr. Walter Zumtobel.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Zumtobel Group
Dornbirn, Österreich
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.