Jobs by email
Heraeus Consulting & IT Solutions GmbH
IT Systemadministrator (m/w/d) Microsoft Exchange
Hanau
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About Heraeus
Solutions from the Heraeus Group provide faster internet, rid water of germs, and keep hearts beating in time. As a leading international family-owned port­folio com­pany, we combine materials expertise and technolog­ical leader­ship to create the most diverse products, all with one thing in common: World-class quality. Working with customers around the world, we shape the future and provide vital innova­tions in the areas of environ­ment, elec­tronics, health, and industrial applications. Heraeus is one of the top 10 family-owned companies in Germany and has a team of around 16,200 employees in 40 countries.
The following challenges await you:
Administer and operate our Microsoft Exchange Online hybrid environ­ment and associated security solutions.
You will be part of the team responsible for Microsoft 365 and will play a key role in shaping the technical and func­tio­nal further development of Ex­change Online and Outlook.
In addition, you will also be responsible for providing professional and technical consulting and support to our business customers.
Your profile:
Completed studies or an apprenticeship with an information technology back­ground or comparable experience
In-depth knowledge of the adminis­tration and operation of a Microsoft Exchange Online hybrid environment
Hands-on-experience with common security technologies in the mail envi­ron­ment (anti-virus, anti-spam, encryp­tion ...)
High degree of personal responsibility, reliability and customer orientation
Structured way of working as well as strong team and communication skills
Very good knowledge of German and English, both written and spoken
Your benefits:
Attractive compensation – strong basic salary in line with the collec­tive agree­ment for the chemical industry, annual one-time payments (vacation bonus, Christmas bonus, future bonus), time off for retire­ment and exten­sion of the statutory nursing care insurance to include supplementary nursing care insurance
Additional financial benefits – promotion of private pension plans, life phase account for paid time off (e.g. sabbatical, earlier retirement), subsidy for local public transport, discounts in many (online) stores
Regulated working hours – 37.5 hours per week, time off for overtime, retire­ment leave, 30 days annual leave, special leave for special occa­sions
Health & well-being – company medical service with comprehensive preventive medical check-ups, sports offers, social counseling and in-house employee can­teen with freshly prepared meals every day
Curious? Apply now!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Heraeus Consulting & IT Solutions GmbH
Heraeusstraße 12 - 14, 63450 Hanau, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -