Jobs by email
Patrizia SE
Data Engineer Real Estate (m/f/d)
Augsburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
PATRIZIA: A leading partner for global real assets
With operations around the world, PATRIZIA has been offering investment opportunities in real estate and infrastructure assets for institutional, semi-professional and private investors for 39 years. PATRIZIA manages more than EUR 59 billion in assets and employs over 1,000 professionals at 28 locations worldwide. Through its PATRIZIA Foundation, PATRIZIA is committed to social responsibility. The Foundation has helped around 250,000 children in need worldwide gain access to education and thus, has given them the chance of a better life over the last 23 years.
The expertise and commitment of our global teams form the basis of our success.
Shaping a sustainable future and making a positive contribution to society is what drives our daily business.
As DATA ENGINEER REAL ESTATE (M/F/D) you will play a key role within the DATA INTELLIGENCE team.
The Data Intelligence team is part of the Investment Strategy & Research department and conducts comprehensive descriptive, diagnostic and predictive analytics to develop investment strategies and support investment proposals. It runs big data analytics by employing state-of-the-art tools & technologies, enabling complex models to be run in short time.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Design, build and maintain reliable ETL pipelines for connecting internal and external data
Optimization and further improvement of the data infrastructure regarding speed of processing, parallel computing, architecture and organization
Development, construction and implementation of cross-functional reports in Power BI
Monitor, maintain, review and support the Data Intelligence cloud computing and Power BI platform
Build processes that help monitor and analyze performance and data accuracy
Apply creativity and new ideas to data sets to find life in data
WHAT WE LOOK FOR
Degree in business economics with a technical focus, business informatics, business mathematics or similar
Preferably two years of work experience in the data and business intelligence field
Substantial experience using statistical computer languages (R or Python) to manipulate large data sets
Advanced experience with the R environment: Scripts, parameterized Markdowns and %dopar% loops
Experience with R-Libraries like: dplyr, knitr, ggplot2, doParallel, leaflet, data.table, lubridate, ggmap and plotly
Advanced experience with developing Power BI Reports with external Apps, datasets, and dashboards
Ability to learn fast and solve challenges via self-learning and research in community-based environments, e.g. GitHub
MS Office skills
A drive to learn and master new technologies and statistical techniques
WHAT WE OFFER
Flexible working options
Skill building and learning opportunities, like courses and mentorship
Career progression and talent development programs
Health and well-being benefits, like virtual fitness classes
Competitive pay and paid time off, including holidays designated for volunteering
SOUNDS LIKE YOU?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Patrizia SE
Fuggerstraße 26, 86150 Augsburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.