Jobs by email
MAQUET GmbH
Hardware Engineer (m/f/d)
Rastatt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
At Getinge we have the passion to perform
Join our diverse teams of passionate people and a career that allows you to develop both person­ally and professionally. At Getinge, our passion is to secure that every person and community have access to the best possible care, offering hospitals and life science institutions products and solutions that aim to improve clinical results and optimize workflows. Every day we collab­orate to make a true difference for our customers – and to save more lives.
Are you looking for an inspiring career? You just found it.
Join Getinge at our site in Rastatt (near Karlsruhe) as a Hardware Engineer (m/f/d).
Your responsibilities
Development of electronic hardware within the framework of specified, organizational and regulatory standards as well as a specified overall architecture, if necessary using existing HW libraries
Ensuring ongoing coordination with other developers and specialist departments
Ensuring modularity, functionality and integration capability, also with regard to third-party assemblies
Observation, testing and, if necessary, after coordination, use of the latest technologies, electronic components and tools available on the market for HW development
Creation of test specifications
Creation of the necessary documentation (requirements, architecture, test specifications)
Who you are
At Getinge, we are looking for passionate indi­viduals, who are agile, resilient, take respon­si­bility for their development and focus on achiev­ing excellence.  They never compromise on quality and always act responsibly remembering that our customers always come first. They enjoy collaboration and working in diverse and interna­tional teams, and embrace the future. If you love change, we can make sure that you stay that way!
Your experience
Completed engineering studies, preferably electrical engineering, sensor technology, computer science, medical engineering or comparable training
Knowledge of hardware development (ECAD primarily Altium / Eagle)
Ideally professional experience and knowledge in the development or production of medical devices
Norm knowledge according to IEC 60601-1 and UL advantageous
Communication skills, strong initiative and ability to work in a team
Very good German and English skills
Our Benefits
High-quality products in a life-saving environment
Remuneration according to the collective agreement of the metal and electrical industry of South Baden, 30 vacation days per year and further attractive conditions
Family-friendly working hours and the possi­bility of mobile working
JobRad and corporate benefits (employee discounts)
Career opportunities in a well-known company
Individual training and further education opportunities
Modern workplace equipment
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MAQUET GmbH
Kehler Straße 31, 76437 Rastatt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -