Valeo GmbH
IS Project Manager (m/w/d) SAP PP / MES
Bietigheim-Bissingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Thanks to its strategy focused on innovation, Valeo is at the heart of the three revolutions which are disrupting the automotive sector: electrification, autonomous and connected cars, and digital mobility. These are revolutions that Valeo has been able to anticipate and which today provide amazing career opportunities, including internationally! At Valeo, innovation is driven by the diversity, authenticity and energy of its talent. Are you looking for new technological and human adventures? Join Valeo and its 103,300 employees across 31 countries!
Would you like to shape the future of intelligent mobility together with us? Join our VALEO team now and revolutionize the experience of autonomous and connected driving with us.
Valeo GmbH takes care centrally of all commercial matters of the business units Germany-wide. To ensure the best possible satisfaction, we are looking for you for our team as IS Project Manager (m/w/d) SAP PP / MES.
Your challenges:
Overall SAP PP /MES implementation and coordination for SSC projects for Germany/Hungary and sites in the perimeter
Alignment with key users/consultants on business processes and scenarios and the delivery of functional designs as well as system configuration and key-user training
Define and deploy standard business processes and applications within sites and shared services
Ensure functional and technical coherence between Group standards and local implementation
Requirements gathering and assessment on production planning and manufacturing execution processes
Definition of target processes and preparing functional and technical specifications
Monitor processes and master data and coordinate with key-user/end-users on problems
Propose und decide with production network for long-term solutions to avoid errors
What about you?
You possess a degree in business/computer science or comparable training.
You have several years of experience with the SAP industry solution SAP PP/MES.
You bring experience in the management of IT projects (desirable).
You bring along flexibility and the ability to work in a team as well as independently.
You have excellent English and good written and spoken German skills.
Why Valeo?
Monetary. Performance-related salary package and company pension scheme (allowance).
Career development. Scope to develop your own ideas as well as professional and personal development opportunities worldwide.
Benefits. Allowances for sports, health, pension scheme, canteen, job bike, regular employee events and much more.
Flexibility. Working models that harmonize your professional and private life.
Setting. Flat hierarchies and modern working methods provide you with an innovative working environment.
Future. Together we work on the trend topics of tomorrow's mobility.
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Valeo GmbH
Valeostr. 1, 74321 Bietigheim-Bissingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -