Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Research Engineer Human-centered Data Engineering for Automated Driving (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
Automated driving is one of the major ongoing innovations within the automotive industry. Besides the technical challenges of driving automation, the human-vehicle interaction plays an important role, since the tasks of the human vary across automation levels from driver to supervisor to passenger. Keeping up the driver's attention and situation awareness is a key factor for the operation of partially and highly automated vehicles. Moreover, automated driving evolves from highway to more complex urban contexts. Within our human-centered engineering activities we research and develop new solutions for human-vehicle interaction and driver monitoring to make the automated driving experience comfortable, efficient, and safe.
We are looking for a software engineer with data engineering experience und user-centric mindset
As part of our team "Software Engineering and User Experience" at Bosch Corporate Research, you will push forward the boundaries for assisted and automated driving in cities with a clear focus on the human factors perspective.
You will contribute to the future of automated driving at Bosch by connecting the information from the vehicle's automation stack with data from the driver monitoring system to assess safety-relevant user states.
Within our research activities, you will work on all phases of data engineering from early requirements analysis, data acquisition in specific user studies, data analysis and development of suitable data models including machine learning and AI.
You will develop concepts and implement prototypes for advanced driver monitoring solutions, including integration of hardware and software into an automated test vehicle.
In addition, you will be responsible to setup and operate data loops from various sources in our research vehicle and driving simulator.
Last but not least, you will closely collaborate with colleagues across Bosch business units and various disciplines, for example software engineering, user research, computer science, and psychology.
Your profile
Education: Master's degree in Computer Science or Engineering with focus on data-driven modelling, data analytics, and software engineering
Personality and Working Practice: flexible, organized, goal-oriented team player with a strong bias to action, and a passion for tackling difficult technical questions
Experience and Knowledge: experience in software engineering, hands-on experience in programming with Python, C++, and ROS, data affinity with experience in preparing and analyzing data, user-centric mindset and experience in HMI, UX or Human Factors is a plus
Enthusiasm: passion for new ideas and innovative solutions, with software solution and UX mindset
Languages: fluent spoken and written in English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.