Jobs by email
METRO Markets GmbH
Tech Area Lead (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About us
We create the future of B2B commerce by giving business relationships a platform. Our marketplace enables millions of business owners all over the world to focus on what they do best – delight others.
Online marketplaces have never been this awesome.
We create the future of B2B commerce by giving business relationships a platform. Our marketplace enables millions of business owners all over the 
world to focus on what they do best – delight others.
We are currently looking for a skilled & passionate Tech Area Lead (m/f/d) to become part of our Tech Units at METRO Markets! 
As Tech Area Lead (m/f/d), you will manage and lead engineering teams to deliver quality technical solutions. 
With your deep understanding and technical expertise you will promote technical excellence and continuous improvement across the teams.Tech Area Lead at METRO Markets drives project and personnel management, aligns engineering efforts with business objectives, and collaborates with other departments to ensure successful project outcomes.
Contribute to one of the fastest-growing marketplace in Europe and become part of METRO Markets as a Tech Area Lead (m/f/d)!
 Your primary responsibilities as a Tech Area Lead will include, but are not limited to: 
  Lead and manage a Tech Area-Wide Engineering set of teams to ensure successful project completion and technical excellence.
Build and maintain a happy and successful engineering team by fostering a culture of innovation, continuous improvement, and professional growth.
Collaborate between Product Development teams and other Areas such as Devops/SRE to move forward initiatives that improve our technical stack, velocity and Developer Experience
Define and improve engineering KPIs to optimize team performance and business outcomes. Regularly evaluate and update team processes and practices to align with industry best practices and promote technical excellence.
Generate and implement process improvements, especially cross-team processes, to optimize efficiency and productivity while maintaining high-quality standards and identify opportunities for innovation and experimentation to drive technical excellence.
Coaching and supporting team members on incident management, especially during critical business incidents.
You've got
At least 6 years of experience in IT product management or IT project management
Experience in Software Development (PHP or Angular/Node.js) in multiple disciplines 
Deep understanding of business and tech processes within a tech company
Solid understanding of Agile Principles
Experience in a leading role within a tech 
Excellent communication skills
Fluent English
We've got
A cutting-edge business model, a great product  and cool tech stack  
A “greenfield” project, an agile environment with a startup mentality, no bureaucracy, flat hierarchies as well as the courage to innovate, fail or scale
An amazing international team in a brand new office close to the river Rhine with hybrid way of working
If you’re not from Germany - we will support you with your relocation!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
METRO Markets GmbH
Ria-Thiele-Str., 40549 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.