Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Services GmbH
Software Architect – Cloud (m/w/f)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Software Architect – Cloud (m/w/d) 
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY: Knorr-Bremse Services GmbH München | REQUISITION ID: 2798 | Full-time | Regular 
YOUR TASKS
Design and develop software solutions on the .NET platform
Implement software using Azure cloud services (e.g. App Services and Function Apps)
Build containerized solutions with Docker and Kubernetes
Automate builds, tests and deployments with Azure DevOps and other CI products
Automate infrastructure deployments with Terraform Configure and implement authentication and authorization with the Microsoft Identity Platform (Azure AD)
Support IT admins and operations teams with your expertise on Azure cloud services
Establish standards for software delevopment within the organization (e.g. coding guidelines and frameworks for internal use)
Optimize software solutions for cost efficiency in the cloud
YOUR PROFILE
Deep knowledge of Azure cloud services focused on software development and hosting
Deep knowledge of modern software development (including design patterns, continuous integration, automated testing, security best practices etc.)
Basic understanding of networking and cloud infrastructure
Good communications skills and willingness to support your colleagues with your expertise
Fluency in English for daily use (German is an advantage)
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Services GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -