Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software developer (m/f/x) for C# - measurement software
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Become a part of Team-ZEISS and enable the production of high-precision lenses through your work to advance the digitization of society and further support Moore's Law!
As an employee in our agile software development teams, you will:
jointly develop process software for the manufacturing of innovative products for photo lithography
thereby provide technical support to the team's product owner in the process and requirements analyses
develop software designs based on the architecture specifications and estimate implementation efforts
implement the developed software designs
transfer the developed software into operation, perform acceptance tests and ensure support.
Ihr Profil
a successfully completed university degree in computer science, electrical engineering or a comparable engineering degree program or relevant professional experience based on another degree program
several years of professional experience in the relevant environment (but we are also happy to give career starters a chance)
profound knowledge in object-oriented software development with C#, .Net, Windows Forms or WPF
experience in creating software products for complex instruments or machines
know-how in the area of integration in a multi-layer software architecture
Good knowledge of German and English (at least B2), both written and spoken
Also desirable are:
Knowledge of C++ (Microsoft Foundation Classes)
Knowledge in the area of IIoT protocols (such as OPC-UA)
Know-how in the database area (WCF, Rest, Oracle)
Experience with software architectures and documentation using Enterprise Architect in UML
Experience in agile working methods according to Scrum
Knowledge in the area of software commissioning for complex machines and processes
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.