Jobs by email
B. Braun Melsungen AG
Agile Software Specialist / Scrum Master (f/m/d)
Freiburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
You're an important part of our future. Hopefully, we're also a part of yours! At B. Braun, we protect and improve the health of people worldwide. As a Corporate Start-Up based in Freiburg, Germany, B. Braun New Ventures takes a lead role in the digital transformation of healthcare. With a young and fast-growing team, we develop solutions to automate medical procedures across various business areas. Our goal is to augment caregivers' eyes, hands and decision making with sensors, robotics and artificial intelligence. Our cloud platform team is focused on creating corporate-wide solutions that will drive the next generation of B. Braun's digital products and connected devices. The technologies and products we develop create new treatment possibilities, enable sharing of clinical experience and result in better patient care.
Agile Software Specialist / Scrum Master (f/m/d)
Reference Code DE-552023-77827
In this scope we are searching for an Agile Software Specialist / Scrum Master (f/m/d) to work within our R&D team.
Duties and responsibilities
You work as a key member of the cloud platform team that you help to build and shape
You are responsible for agile project management, e.g. setting up and improving development processes, supporting the product owner in organizing the backlog
You organize agile collaboration in one or more software development teams, what includes the organization and implementation of all agile rituals and scrum events as well as the coaching of other stakeholders and team members
You will optimize and promote the development of digital solutions within our organization together with our agile community
noch zu definieren durch B.Braun
Professional competencies
You have several years of experience in an agile software development team, have worked as a Scrum Master and have in-depth knowledge of agile project management methods and tools
You have a profound SW engineering background with a minimum of 3 years professional experience preferably in cloud-based web application design and development
You have experience with at least one programming/backend languages (such as C#, Java, Go, Rust, Python, or similar)
You have experience in working with multidisciplinary teams and virtual collaboration
You communicate clearly and responsibly in German and English
It would be desirable if you have worked in the healthcare industry or in a comparable field
Personal competencies
You have a strong sense of initiative as well as an independent and responsible way of working
You are an innovative, unconventional thinker and team player with professional collaboration skills
You are a proactive, results-oriented and customer-centric personality with analytical and problem-solving skills
You are interested in the trends and possibilities of digital transformation, e.g. cloud, device connectivity, data analysis, artificial intelligence
Was wir bieten
What we offer
Become part of a corporate culture that fosters accountability, diversity, and trust within a dynamic family-owned company. Combine the agility of a corporate start-up with the opportunities and securities of a global healthcare leader. Work on cutting edge technologies that improve people's life and interact directly with caregivers. Have creative leeway and role autonomy to drive your development. Experience flat hierarchies and fast decision making. Be part of a highly motivated international team.
Benefits
Flexible and family oriented working hours and hybrid working between office and home
A brand-new modern office optimized for concentration and collaboration with an integrated high-tech simulation operating room and generous social areas and creativity zones
High quality of life in one of Germany's most attractive cities
Your next step
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
B. Braun Melsungen AG
79110 Freiburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.