Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior developer) Video team – Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V710
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission 
You will contribute to the development and integration of our first-in-class in-vehicle infotainment system MBUX (Mercedes-Benz User Experience). You are part of the Video team. 
We are seeking a talented and experienced lead developer to join our team. In this role, you will be responsible to develop middleware for features in the video and multimedia domain, e.g. HDCP support, diagnostics for display and camera devices, and rear view cameras into a converged embedded automotive system.
Sneak preview of your future tasks
Developing and maintaining low level graphic infrastructure within (or between) Linux and QNX, including performance critical buffer handling
Utilizing technologies such as v4l2 to handle and process camera data
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure successful integration and deployment of graphic infrastructure
Multimedia pipelines with GStreamer
Optimizing graphic pipelines for real-time performance and low latency
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
The ideal candidate for this role will have the following qualifications:
Extensive experience working in the automotive domain, specifically with low level graphic infrastructure within the Linux and QNX
Strong knowledge of v4l2 and GStreamer, as well as other technologies used for handling and processing multimedia data
Proficiency in modern C++ programming, including knowledge of the C++ Standard Template Library (STL) and Boost or similar technologies
Expirience with codecs and hardware decoders
Experience in script language including Python and bash
Knowledge in SOME/IP and CANoe is a plus
Android is a plus
Familiarity with agile development processes
Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment
 Why us? 
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone. 
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!     
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. 
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.