Jobs by email
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
Inhouse Consultant Business Analytics (f/m/d)
Weinheim
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Freudenberg is a global technology group that strengthens its customers and society long-term through forward-looking innovations. Together with our partners, customers and the world of science, we develop leading-edge technologies, and excellent products, solutions and services for 40 market segments. The Freudenberg Group employs some 50,000 people in 60 countries worldwide and generates sales of over 10 billion euros.
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions is a Business Group of Freudenberg and a leading global supplier of branded cleaning systems as well as household and laundry care products. The portfolio includes brands such as Vileda®, Gimi®, Wettex® and Marigold®. The company employs more than 3,200 people and hosts a distribution network in 35 countries.
New, effective products and distribution channels, technical innovations and a strong customer focus have been the company’s key success factors. They are supported by extensive market and customer research on an international basis as well as innovation centers and production plants around the world.
You support our team as
Inhouse Consultant Business Analytics (f/m/d)
Responsibilities
First contact for all business analytics topics of our globally operating FHCS business units, as well as contact person for global business units to create requirement analyses
Further development of our existing analytics landscape with focus on SAP BW on HANA, as well as processes based on SAP Analytics Cloud (BI & Planning),
Planning and implementation of strategic projects in the areas of management reporting/analytics as well as planning applications in cooperation with external partners
Qualifications
Completed master's degree in business informatics, computer science, industrial engineering or comparable education
At least 2-5 years of experience in business analytics or SAP BW/BI in an international company
In-depth backend knowledge in the area of SAP BW/BI and data modeling (incl. HANA). Technical knowledge in SAP Analytics Cloud for the areas of BI and planning is an advantage
Very good English skills, strong communication skills and high customer orientation
Some of your Benefits
Cafeteria/Canteen
Fresh food on-site, both hot and cold
Flexible work arrangements
Opportunities for flex hours and/or remote work to maximize performance satisfaction
Training / Career development
Programs to supercharge skills and expertise
Gym
Stay fit with easy access to an on-site center
Easily reachable
Easy, low-stress access by car or public transport
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Freudenberg Home and Cleaning Solutions GmbH
Höhnerweg 2-4, 69469 Weinheim, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -