Jobs by email
Tesla
IT Warehouse Support Specialist (m/w/d)
Giengen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
Tesla is accelerating the world's transition to sustainable energy. Revolutionary strategies and products were developed within a few years and successfully launched on a large scale. This is only possible through extraordinary speed, innovation and efficiency. Gigafactory Berlin forms the perfect basis for rolling out Tesla's incredible success story in Europe. The most important pillar for this are our employees. Their passion, motivation and engagement ensure that we achieve our goals. We are looking for you to continue and expand this success story together. 
What to Expect
As an IT Warehouse Support Specialist, you will be a part of a world-class team responsible for supporting external warehouses delivering parts to the Tesla Gigafactory in Berlin. If you are a technical expert in various areas, thrive under pressure, enjoy solving problems and love working your way through chaos, then this role is for you.
What You’ll Do
Your primary responsibility is to ensure minimal IT downtime for external warehouses
Represent IT with pride, support, enthusiasm and kindness
Setup, maintain and troubleshoot IT devices on site
Work with various teams (NetOps/SysAdmins/Application Teams) to troubleshoot issues
Perform root cause analysis, document findings, and suggest changes to prevent future outages
Fixing hardware, operating system and software issues
Troubleshoot network issues from the client up to the switch and IDF
Be hands on, on-site during network outages
Interact with multiple teams to plan and manage equipment installation and support
What You’ll Bring
Experience within IT support roles
Familiar with troubleshooting hardware issues and replacing hardware on Windows machines
Knowledge with imaging hardware devices and updating firmware
Experience troubleshooting basic client-side network (DHCP/DNS/Static IP) problems
Must be available for swing shifts, weekends, and on-call support
Multi-tasking ability to manage multiple projects at the same time
Able to work under pressure in the presence of stakeholders
Degree as Bachelor/Master/ Dipl.-Ing. (TH/FH) or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability 
Very good/advanced written and spoken English and ideally a basic understanding of German
Ideally holding a valid Driving License
Further informations
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Tesla
Giengen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates