Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Senior Solution Architect (f/m/d)
Hannover, Hamburg, Berlin, München, Würzburg, Essen, Frankfurt am Main, Home-Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place? Then become a change maker (f/m/d) and join our Future Energy Home team as Senior Solution Architect (f/m/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Our Engineering team (Digital Solutions I Future Energy Home) develops and operates software to manage home energy devices such as photovoltaic, inverters, batteries, EV charging wall boxes, heat pumps and meters as a cloud-based solution for our central and local units so they can rollout those solutions the end-customers. We integrate with numerous vendors' devices and apply centralized insights, analytics and control mechanisms over these devices.
At E.ON diversity matters. We welcome all people and are convinced that differences make us stronger. Become part of our inclusive and diverse company culture! We want the job to fit your life situation. Therefore, you can choose to apply in full or part-time.
Our team is located throughout Germany but also in the metropolitan region of Essen. You can work from Hannover, Hamburg, Berlin, München, Würzburg, Essen, Frankfurt am Main, or from home.
Your task
Responsibilities
As a Solution Architect (m/f/d) you are responsible for the architecture of our E.ON Home solution
You analyse and evaluate business and IT requirements from the Product Owner
Conducting reviews of business and IT requirements
You are responsible for the IT technical assessment and development of solutions and the location of functions
Create recommendations for action and design guides
You take care from the conception to the development of corresponding standards, as well as procedures for the uniform introduction of new approaches
For the implementation, you help the Engineering Lead to ensure agreed architecture
Conduct workshops with stakeholders and developers
Your profile
Qualifications
You have a profound understanding of cloud and cloud-native applications, as well as event based architectures in general
Broad experience in AWS and good knowledge of Azure, Kubernetes and Docker
General understanding of related code toolchains, such as IDEs, Git and DevOps
Familiarity with common security challenges and mitigations as well as observability patterns related to cloud and microservice architectures
Excellent communication skills on various levels of technical detail in German and English
Proactive approach to drive change, implment your ideas and find new ways to improve what already exists
You have the necessary assertiveness and resilience to represent your decisions and opinions
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.