Jobs by email
Deutsche Bank
Praktikum (m/w/d) in Technology, Data & Innovation 2023 - Berlin
Berlin
Internship
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
About Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank is the leading German bank with strong European roots and a global network. We’re driving growth through our strong client franchise. Against a backdrop of increasing globalization in the world economy, Deutsche Bank is very well-positioned, with significant regional diversification and substantial revenue streams from all the major regions of the world. We serve our clients’ real economic needs in commercial banking, investment banking, private banking and asset management. We are investing heavily in digital technologies, prioritizing long term success over short-term gains, and serving society with ambition and integrity. All this means a career packed with opportunities to grow and the chance to shape the future of our clients.
About Deutsche Bank Technology in Berlin
DB Technology is a global team of tech specialists, spread across multiple trading hubs and tech centers. We have a strong focus on promoting technical excellence – our engineers work at the forefront of financial services innovation using cutting-edge technologies.
Our Berlin location is our most recent addition to our global network of tech centers and growing strongly. We are committed to building a diverse workforce and to creating excellent opportunities for talented engineers and technologists. Our tech teams work agile in close coordination with our business units, jointly creating #GlobalHausbank solutions from our home market.
Our Technology teams in Berlin provide the Corporate & Investment Bank as well as the Market Risk function with a dedicated team that capitalizes on the rapidly evolving technology industry to provide our clients new products and innovation to meet their growing needs within an Agile FinTech-like setup. Our teams are working on our strategic tech stack across a range of products including fixed income sales & trading, FX trading (incl. our award-winning Autobahn platform), payments (incl. payments acceptance), core banking, market risk management, lending and trade finance amongst others. All our systems are built for scale and global business flows.
  Your role
At Deutsche Bank Technology in Berlin, we are transforming the world of banking. We are looking for creative and innovative engineers who are ready to make a difference from day one. If you are interested in learning programming languages and want to design and develop innovative technical solutions using state-of-the-art software and hardware, this is the role for you. You will take on real responsibilities, work on agile projects and have the opportunity to grow your network. Your manager and team members will support you in developing your programming skills and you will be part of a wider team implementing our core strategic systems underpinning our businesses.
This way, you can find out whether an entry-level position in Technology is right for you and fits your goals. Your specific assignments and tasks will depend on which of our teams you join and how long your internship with us lasts. You will receive a wide range of support and benefit from the expertise of experienced teams.
  Your qualifications
Our internship will give you the professional skills you need to start your career. For us, creativity and flexibility are key. That's why we are looking for technical talents who are able to thrive in our diverse culture.
Are you at least in your third semester studying (business) computer science, (business) mathematics, industrial engineering or a comparable scientific discipline with an IT focus?
Are you interested in innovative technology and financial issues?
Have you already gained some practical experience, especially in programming?
Are you experienced in using MS Office and common applications?
Your communication skills are well-developed, your English skills fluent?
Do you enjoy working in a team and can inspire others with your ideas?
Are you a responsible, committed individual with excellent analytical skills and a quick grasp?
  About your internship
At Deutsche Bank, we are transforming the world of banking. We are looking for creative employees who are ready to make a difference from day one. You will start developing the skills you need to succeed in the financial industry. You will take on real responsibilities, work on projects and have the opportunity to grow your network. Find out how our inclusive and diverse work environment contributes to our success and how we deliver the best possible solutions to our clients with our highly skilled team. Your manager, your team members and your trainee buddy will always be willing to lend an open ear to your questions and concerns. If you would like to get a head start to your career, then take our internship to create the perfect foundation for success.
  More Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Deutsche Bank
Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates