Jobs by email
BMW Group
Life Cycle Reliability Engineer (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Data Science team in München is currently seeking a
Life Cycle Reliability Engineer (f/m/x)
Tasks
IT IS INFRASTRUCTURE THAT CONNECTS PEOPLE WITH ONE ANOTHER.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
Complex systems require careful maintenance - ideally from people whose good ideas and enthusiasm can truly shine in a supportive work environment. Because people like this make IT unique, smart and ready for the future. Without IT, the innovative power of the BMW Group would simply not exist.
We design the digital presence of the BMW Group for our customers. Together with you, we will ensure that the sales of our products and the interaction our customer with our brands, across all channels, is perceived as high class as our products themselves.
The main objective is to secure a scalable, secure, and stable IT ecosystem our customers and partners use every day across Europe. You will plan, coordinate and ensure that all activities related to the IT operations of the pan European IT ecosystem are implemented.
What awaits you?
You will ensure that the underlying IT systems will consider the right technologies, tools and methods for securing a stable IT operation and an operational excellence approach right from the conception stage.
You are responsible for advising on the choice of optimal cloud services and best-of-breed approaches, including the selection and purchasing of software from the main cloud hyperscalers, and others. Consulting regarding IT security and especially cloud security is another aspect of your job.
Your responsibilities include supporting the transition of new applications and technologies into a stable, secure, and continuously optimizing operation.
You improve the software quality via a modern CI / CD environment in combination with test automation, end-to-end monitoring, or performance tools.
You advise on the definition of product visions and software architectures, technical solutions, and are also a sparring partner for our product managers during the implementation phase.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in mathematics, computer science or business informatics, industrial engineering or several years of practical experience with data analytics in a similar environment.
Experience building and running complex cloud solutions or very strong cloud app development skills.
Experience building and automating complex environments using Infrastructure as Code.
Experience with Continuous Delivery with multiple deployments a day.
Experienced with the agile methods (e.g. Scrum) and Atlassian tool suite (Jira, Confluence).
Business fluent in English, German is a plus.
You are courageous and motivated to bring in your own ideas and break new technological ground? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: Full-time
Job Reference: 65205
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.