Jobs by email
BAADER
Fullstack Software Engineer for Food Processing Digitalization*
Hamburg, Lübeck
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
Working at BAADER
Working at BAADER is about many things – it’s about our 100-year-old heritage, a pioneering and family spirit and pathing to the future.
People’s needs, ideas, and capabilities are essential at BAADER. Our employees, our customers and their customers form the path toward our success. The interaction between diverse groups of people is an asset and a source of inspiration. We promote the professional development of everyone at BAADER. A key component to our success is the knowledge and experience shared across generations and countries.
At BAADER, we offer working opportunities ranging from designing and producing specialty machinery and solutions for world-leading food processing of fish and poultry to sales, projects, installations, supporting office functions, service and after sales.
Our Digital Unit focusing on the entire food chain offers jobs with an innovative and impacting use case.
Fullstack Software Engineer for Food Processing Digitalization*
bTrace Tomorrow is the digitalization unit within machine manufacturer BAADER. The focus is on interdisciplinary teams of digitization experts who are committed to using digital possibilities and a global network of partners to improve the entire food value chain for all stakeholders involved - for an innovative, transparent, and safe food supply.
Our goal is to support food processing with digital solutions in a way that makes it more sustainable and efficient and improves animal welfare. The key factors to reach these goals is excellence in the team, the technology, and the agile processes. We are striving for a flat hierarchy consisting of self-organizing agile teams with a high degree of autonomy. We offer offices in Hamburg and Lübeck and much flexibility as to how often and when you come in.
Our developments base on a modular and scalable industrial internet of things platform on the edge of the machines and production factories. Several web-technology based applications deliver value to our customers and colleagues. We strive for a high degree of re-usability to achieve highest quality standards while having a short time-to-market as well as a seamless user experience across applications.
You can be part of reaching our goals by shaping the solutions in all these areas in the role of a Full stack Software Engineer. In this role, you’ll have the possibility to significantly design and implement our platform, applications as well as processes and have a true impact on how digitalization at BAADER is implemented
Your future tasks will include:
Develop our Edge and Cloud platform as well as business application back- and frontend solutions to digitalize our machines and several use cases in the food processing value chain.
Realize use cases including tracking and tracing of products in the production process as well as machine monitoring and maintenance support.
Shape the design of our software solutions and make sure that our software is released quickly and with high quality by implementing state-of-the-art DevOps practices (continuous integration, automated tests, infrastructure-as-code).
Take responsibility for our development and system management infrastructure in the cloud.
Select technologies and frameworks needed to build the platform and business applications.
Be a mentor for other developers.
Qualifications, experience and personal skills you possess:
Successfully completed studies in computer science or a comparable qualification
Relevant work experience in software development and in working with .NET, Angular and with digital platforms
Knowledgeable in service architectures and docker
Good knowledge of current frameworks and software development techniques such as automated testing and DevOps
Experience in the application of agile software development process models, in cloud developments and with frontend component libraries (e.g., Storybook).
You are interested in teaming up with UX/UI designers, product owners, and dev colleagues.
Good communication skills in English, both spoken and written
Problem-solving skills and persuasiveness
We offer:
Internationality
Permanent employment contract
Start-up atmosphere with the security of a successful group of companies behind you
Interesting and varied job
Attractive income
30 days of vacation/year
Flexible working hours
Mobile working and the flexibility to work from our office in Lübeck or Hamburg (Speicherstadt)
Company health promotion
Further qualification and education offers
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €