Jobs by email
CureVac SE
Solution Owner (f/m/d) LIMS/ELN
Tübingen bei Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Design. Progress. Together.
CureVac SE is a global biopharmaceutical company researching and developing novel drugs based on the natural molecule Messenger RNA (mRNA). Our focus is on prophylactic vaccines, innovative cancer immunotherapies and protein-based therapies. Currently, all RNA people are striving to achieve our main goal: To bring multiple best-in-class mRNA drugs to market.
The Bioinformatics team plays an important role in the further digitization of CureVac’s scientific departments, management of CureVac’s scientific data, and its use in advanced analytics (computational science, machine learning models, …) to derive insights and better our technology platform for innovative mRNA-based therapies.
With many exciting initiatives in our project portfolio we are expanding our team in Tübingen and are looking for a responsible
Solution Owner (f/m/d) LIMS/ELN
Your Responsibilities:
Design and ensure interfaces with internal systems (master data systems, lab equipment connectors, electronic lab notebook, data warehouse, …)
Evaluate process changes and conceptualize required adaptations to ensure smooth operations in CureVac’s labs
Monitor and maintain assigned applications in their proper operating condition to meet business requirements
Identify, develop, and deploy upgrades and plugins to improve operational efficiency and business processes
Provide escalated support, and manage vendor support
Translate business needs into actionable requirements
Lead and provide direction for operational activities as well as project-based support
Contribute to overall FAIR scientific data management
Your Qualification:
Completion of an academic or professional degree in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics
High affinity for data and information technologies
Experience in coding (Java, C++, …) and common system integration methods and technologies including web services, REST, JSON, SOAP, …
Highly motivated and outcome-oriented with a keen eye for detail
Strong planning, organizational and communication skills
Experience within Life Science and/or Biotechnology industry
Flexible, proactive way of working, adaptable to a dynamic work environment and a strong service mentality
Experience in formal (agile) project and service management, including toolsets
We offer:
We offer you a challenging and varied opportunity with an innovative and dynamic company that is expanding. With much passion and sense of responsibility, we work together on the medical revolution. We pride ourselves on maintaining an honest and trusting relationship with each other which is characterized by openness to new ideas and continuous progress. Mutual respect, reliability and personal initiative are self-evident for us.
Design your future with us – become part of the RNA people!
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
CureVac SE
Friedrich-Miescher-Straße 15, 72076 Tübingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -