Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Software Engineer (Cellular Platform), WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Apple engineers have always focused on one person when they build software — the person who will use it. Working with our Software (SWE) group, you’ll see why every Apple product and service feels intuitive and simple, and why every aspect of this group’s work is built around a respect for the customer’s needs.
The world is quickly moving to 5G, and iPhone offers an advanced 5G experience, transforming the way users connect, share, and enjoy content. By the end of 2021, support for 5G on iPhone will double around the globe, with over 200 carriers worldwide in 60 countries and regions.
Would you like to make an impact on this scale? Join our Wireless Technologies and Eco-Systems (WTE) team and help us create amazing experiences through ground breaking advances in cellular technologies.,
Tasks
The Cellular Platform Software Driver Team are responsible for architecture, design, implementation and quality of platform software and drivers. Based in Munich we define and work on Platform software design and development, collaborating with Cellular Protocol Stack, RF and other teams.
As part of our team you will be responsible for specifying requirements, writing design documents, architect solutions and implement software for innovative wireless SoCs, perform pre-silicon verification, debug both system-wide and component level issues on target HW and simulation. The position requires high level thinking design code solutions with low level programming, along with the ability to work in a fast paced environment
In the role you'll develop skills in cellular baseband system/architecture (core, cache, memory, bus, interrupts, sleep/wake, clock, power control, dynamic frequency and voltage scaling, SPMI, PCIe, UART, etc).
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Proficiency in C/C++
Track record building low level driver software for embedded platforms
Good fundamentals in embedded processors and RTOS concepts (e.g. ThreadX)
Understand embedded real-time software for ARM/RISC based SoCs
Excellent engineering skills, including driver software design, implementation, validation and debugging
Familiar with version control systems like git, Perforce, etc
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Effective in multi-disciplinary teams and able to present sophisticated technical topics
Great computer science or electrical engineering fundamentals, no matter how you got them.
Why Apple?
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products.
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €