Jobs by email
Heraeus Consulting & IT Solutions GmbH
BTP / Fiori Consultant (m/f/d)
Hanau
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 20 hours ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About Heraeus
Solutions from the Heraeus Group provide faster internet, rid water of germs, and keep hearts beating in time. As a broadly diversified and globally leading family-owned technology company, we combine materials expertise and techno­logical leader­ship to create the most diverse products, all with one thing in common: World-class quality. Working with customers around the world, we shape the future and provide vital innovations in the areas of environment, electronics, health, and industrial appli­cations. Heraeus is one of the top 10 family-owned companies in Germany and has a team of around 16,200 employees in 40 countries.
The following challenges await you:
You are the first point of contact for colleagues and customers on SAP cloud solutions on the application side, ensuring quality and security standards are met
Consult during the creation of new SAP Cloud services based on the Business Technology Platform
Implement and deploy front-end develop­ments and appli­cations
You will work closely with the SAP / Backend Solution Architects.
You will be a leading contributor to our future UX/UI strategy.
Your profile:
University degree in computer science or business informatics
Three to five years of significant project experience in UI5
Multiple years project experience in S/4HANA environment beneficial
Knowledge in Azure DevOps and advanced knowledge in Business Technology Platform also advantageous ABAP OO knowledge
Ability of analytical thinking, strong communi­cation and work indepen­dently
Openness to new topics and willing­ness to take on responsi­bility
Innovative and dynamic Team player with high flexibility and focus to find solutions
Fluent business English, German beneficial
What we offer:
Strong salary package – attractive basic salary plus variable profit-sharing (up to 150 % target achievement possible) and support for private pension plan
Modern working time arrangements – time sovereignty without time recording, focus on results-oriented work 
Regular time off – 30 days annual leave plus up to 6 additional days off (company closures on bridge days and between years), special leave for special occasions, life phase account for paid time off (e.g. sabbatical, earlier retirement)
Additional benefits – subsidized public transport, discounts in many (online) stores, company medical service with comprehensive preventive medical check-ups, sports facilities and employee canteen with freshly prepared meals every day
Sustainability and social commitment – sustainability as part of the corporate strategy and targeted support for initiatives in the areas of education, family and science through our own foundations
Curious? Apply now!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Heraeus Consulting & IT Solutions GmbH
Heraeusstraße 12 - 14, 63450 Hanau, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -