Jobs by email
KWS Group
Salesforce Mulesoft Expert / IT Architect (m/w/d)
Einbeck
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About KWS
KWS is one of the world's leading plant breeding companies. Around 6,000 employees in 70 countries generated sales of EUR 2020.2021 billion in fiscal year 1/3. For more than 165 years, KWS has been managed independently and independently as a family-oriented company. The focus is on plant breeding and the production and sale of corn, sugar beet, cereal, rapeseed, sunflower and vegetable seeds. KWS uses state-of-the-art plant breeding methods to increase farmers' yields and further improve the resistance of plants to diseases, pests and abiotic stress. To achieve this goal, the company invested more than EUR 250 million in research and development in the past fiscal year. 
Deine Aufgaben
Would you like to work on modern technologies in the field of Precision Farming and significantly change agriculture with us? Then you are the right person for us as our new Salesforce Mulesoft Expert / IT Architect (m/f/d) position. 
This is a permanent position and available in full-time at our HQ KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA in Einbeck, Lower Saxony.
Your Tasks:
Establishment, further development and operation of a modern API management solution (Salesforce Mulesoft),
Responsibility for a comprehensive cloud infrastructure in the context of customer-related IT solutions at KWS,
Optimization and monitoring of various interfaces of different IT systems (PIM, DAM, KWS Geomapping System, Mobile Applications, Digital Farming, Salesforce),
Project responsibility for further development of the above-mentioned and new interfaces and connection of other IT projects,
Independent management and coordination of external implementation partners as part of project implementation,
Connection of various external data suppliers to the KWS infrastructure,
Creation of technical concepts, design of data structures (user data, product data, etc) and interfaces,
Management of the operation of the implemented projects (outsourcing).
Dein Profil
 Your Profile:
  Degree in computer science or comparable education,
Several years of professional experience in IT project management,
Very good project management skills - especially agile project management skills (Scrum preferred),
Knowledge of databases and interfaces,
Experience Salesforce Mulesoft API Management,
Experience with AWS infrastructure,
Motivation & desire to learn our KWS specific systems ,
Strong willingness to cooperate within a cross-functional network,
Ability to innovate and flexibility,
Good communication skills,
Fluent in both German and English (both written and spoken).
Was wir bieten
Our Offer to You:
An exceptionally interesting and varied job in an international environment with the opportunity to contribute innovative ideas.
Working in an international, highly motivated and dynamic team with flat hierarchies.
Flexible working hours with the possibility of mobile working (hybrid).
As a family-run company, we live by the values of team spirit, closeness and trust, independence and vision - a culture that is also lived in practice, e.g. through an open and friendly work atmosphere.
According to our slogan "Make Yourself Grow!" we promote individual professional and personal development. 
As a basis, we offer excellent work equipment (high-quality, ergonomic workstations, several monitors, air conditioning) and sufficient free parking spaces at the location. 
We also create the appropriate framework conditions: capital-forming benefits, Christmas and vacation pay, childcare allowance, company bicycle.
We look forward to receiving your online application (short cover letter, CV, relevant certificates) via our application system SuccessFactors! Please use the "Apply" function in the online advertisement.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
KWS Group
37574 Einbeck, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.