Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
(Senior) System Engineer Warehouse (m/f/d)
Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
 Your tasks
Design, development, configuration, implementation, and maintenance of the Supply Chain Applications especially with JDA/ Blue Yonder WMS
Development of MOCA commands using SQL and Groovy
Creation and Customization of JDA WMS Screens for end user use
Design, Creation and Customization reports based on customer requirements
Creation of labels and integrating with JDA WMS
Creation and customization of inbound/outbound transaction using JDA WMS integration platform
Providing expertise for the resolution of technical problems in a 24/7 operation
Analyzing, troubleshooting and resolving incidents handed over by the L1 team and its underlining processes
Creation of technical documents, knowledge base and provide knowledge sharing session to technical/support team
Requirements
Several years of working with JDA/Blue Yonder WMS version 9.1 or later
Hands on experience in MOCA, SQL (triggers, functions , procedures etc.) and Blue Yonder WMS database tables and relationships
Good understanding of the Blue Yonder WMS functionality and be able to drive new and creative solutions to meet business need
Experience in Blue Yonder WMS architecture, Jobs and Tasks setup
Experience in Java, groovy and developing reports using Jasper
Experience in creating labels and integrating it with Blue Yonder WMS
Experienced in creating Blue Yonder WMS Page builder UI Screens
Knowledge of Blue Yonder WMS Integrator and ability to customize inbound and outbound transactions
Knowledge about different communication methods: CSV, XML, WEB SERVICES, JMSQ
Team player (m/f/d) with an agile mindset and end-to-end thinking
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. 
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Ingolstadt, Deutschland