Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Expert - IT Rollout Coordination Master Data in Manufacturing and Logistics (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
You implement Product and Production Master Data standards in the Bosch Group.
You coordinate the world-wide deployment of corporate Master Data IT applications in 150 plants of the Bosch Group.
You drive the integration of Master Data standards into the Bosch Manufacturing and Logistics Platform (BMLP).
You advise and support IT architecture and IT development from business perspective on Product and Production Master Data topics.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies in computer sciences with focus on data management / data analytics or similar practical experience
Personality: good leadership skills, ability to drive full scope IT projects. Analytical, persuasive, and self-initiative. Team oriented working approach, good collaboration spirit, experience with virtual international teams and open mind for cultural diversity
Working Practice: hands-on expert with several years of professional business practice in large scale data analytics, data management and rollout of large IT applications
Knowledge: Senior Expertise in Product and Production Master Data. Knowledge of business processes and IT applications in manufacturing and logistics (Manufacturing Execution, Manufacturing Operation Management, Manufacturing related SAP ERP functionality); solid and regularly practiced SQL skills
Languages: very good English skills required (C1); German skills are of advantage
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Heilbronner Straße 362, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.