Jobs by email
EXTEDO GmbH
Technical Consultant (m/f/d) RIMS
Ottobrunn nähe München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
EXTEDO is of the leading names in the field of Regulatory Information Management (RIM). With our EXTEDOpulse solutions and expert consultants, we are on a mission to enable agencies and life sciences organizations around the world to bring new products to market faster and safer. EXTEDO enables more than 35 regulatory authorities and over 1000 maintained customers across 65 countries to deliver Effortless Compliance. Our clients range from small CROs to large multi-national pharmaceutical organizations. The areas of Life Sciences in which EXTEDO operates are: pharmaceuticals, biotech and biopharma, generics, medical devices, healthcare and the public sector. We are still growing!
For our location in Ottobrunn near Munich or in remote within Germany we are actively seeking a
Technical Consultant (m/f/d) RIMS
Your Tasks - as important as our Software:
Support technical customer projects across the world for our EXTEDOpulse portfolio
Design and implement solutions based on our EXTEDOpulse portfolio and integrate them into customer environments
Configure and extend EXTEDOpulse according to customer needs
Develop data migration approaches and execution
Provide technical and system architecture consulting to our customers
Develop and maintain project and system design documentation
Update of on-prem and SaaS systems
Learn with each project and share your knowledge within your team
Support pre-sales activities
Work closely with Sales, Development and Support teams to provide the best solution for your customers
Your Profile - as good as our Solutions:
A degree in computer sciences or a comparable qualification
5-years of practical project experience in the field of technical consulting
Project management skills gained by being part of project teams as well as managing technical customer projects
Document Management Systems are your strength. Preferably you have already worked with Generis CARA or another DMS
Experience with complex software solutions consisting of several building blocks (e.g. application servers, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, MS SQL Server, Redis) running on Windows and Linux
Experience with data migrations
Experience in system integration and corresponding interfaces (REST API)
Good understanding of IT architectures and core processes (e.g. High Availability, Backup&Restore), Databases and Elasticsearch
You can script in JavaScript or other scripting languages (e.g. Python). Experience in Java is a plus
Your strength is the ability to understand client needs and to communicate solutions target oriented
Ideally experience with implementing systems in regulated industries like pharma (GAMP 5)
You like to solve technical challenges and provide clients the best suitable solution by getting creative and thinking outside the box
You have excellent English skills (spoken and written), German is a plus
What we offer you:
30 Days Vacation
Mobile Working
Personal Development
Pension Scheme 
Overtime Regulation
Flexible Working Hours
Canteen
Free Coffee & Tea 
Does your profile match?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Coaching
Extra day off
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.