Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
AI Product Owner - Manufacturing (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
Bosch has one of the leading industrial competence centers for cutting-edge and applied AI. Our global teams create and deploy together with Bosch divisions AI solutions across Bosch products and services that are "invented for life".
As AI product owner you will be responsible for growing and managing a global portfolio of AI applications and innovation activities for Bosch manufacturing performing business and technical assessments.
You will derive technical and business requirements.
Furthermore, you will develope new product strategies for AI in manufacturing. In this context, you will identify and strengthen synergies with existing production portfolios.
You will build the bridge, as customer interface, to all Bosch plants and related central manufacturing functions.
Measuring and achieving technical and business portfolio targets is also part of your task.
Last but not least you will work in an international interdisciplinary team with high technical and business competencies.
Your profile
You are a candidate with a strong technical background who can work across business and technology teams to deliver complex solutions, while making tradeoffs between short-term opportunities and long term sustainable change of the manufacturing industry.
Education: excellent degree (Master or higher) in Computer Science, Physics, or a related field
Experience and Knowledge:
many years of professional experience in global management and development of AI- and ML-based applications 
strong technical background in AI and machine learning
track record of successful product delivery in industrial environments
experience in owning the product backlog, roadmap, and business model to prioritize features and deliverables
previous experience as data scientist or machine learning engineer in industrial environments with strong application focus
experience in working with cross-functional and international teams
excellent communication skills with global stakeholders
fundamental understanding of the manufacturing environment
additional experience in software engineering is a plus
Personality: we are looking for a teammate who is: keen to learn new technologies and share knowledge, a team player and able to work independently, motivated, goal-oriented, and pro-active
Languages: fluent in English and German (written and spoken)  
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.