Jobs by email
CARIAD
Senior Data Manager - Lidar, Radar Perception and Sensor Fusion (m/f/d)
Ingolstadt, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
At CARIAD, it’s our mission to transform automotive mobility for everyone, everywhere, making it safer, more sustainable, and more comfortable in every way. To deliver on that promise, we’re building a unified technology and software platform, including a vehicle OS and cloud platform, as well as a unified architecture. As a 100% subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group, we’re developing solutions for all of its brands, including Volkswagen, Audi, and Porsche, and will bring our software to over 40 million vehicles by 2030.
Is this an easy task? Not at all! To tackle such a huge challenge, we need a great team. And that’s where you come in. You’ll join more than 5,000 CARIDIANS already working on the latest vehicle features and functions like automated driving, state-of-the-art charging technology, as well as a new digital ecosystem. Together, we’re bringing sustainable change to one of the largest companies in the world.
YOUR TEAM
We are working on cutting-edge sensor systems for enabling best-in-class automated driving and parking as well as advanced driver assistance systems. Developing an environmental model using sensor fusion to enable functions for the biggest vehicle fleet in the market, we will make automotive mobility safer and create the new comfort of driving.
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Driving the data topics and data collection with test fleet.
Define the concepts for cloud storage, cloud compute and labelling guidelines within the sensor fusion team.
Work closely with the technical architects and developers to establish the defined concepts for the 3D Environmental model.
Coaching and support development teams on optimized usage of cloud resources e.g. VM for a particular use case.
Driving thrid party aligments and presentating the status reports to the team and management.
WHO YOU ARE
Successfully completed studies in the field of computer science, electrical engineering or comparable.
Experience in data handling, SAFe/Agile methodologies and SOTIF would be a plus.
Highly motivated and enjoy interaction with various disciplines on regular basis, excellent communication skills and assertiveness.
Experience in data driven (Artificial Intelligence) development preferably in ADAS/AD Domain.
Experience with cloud resources would be a plus.
Fluent English language skills (verbal and written), German language skills are plus.
NICE TO KNOW
Remote work options
Temporary work from abroad in selected countries
Flextime / optional working hours
Company pension plan
Annual professional development
Sabbatical option up to 6 months
30 days paid + 10 days unpaid leave
Possibility for VW Group car leasing
If you have further questions about the candidate journey at CARIAD, talk to Cari, our CARIAD Chatbot.&nbsp;Can’t see it? Check your settings or visit our&nbsp;FAQ
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.