Jobs by email
heyworld GmbH
PHP Backend Developer (m/f/d)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
About heyworld GmbH
heyworld GmbH is a young and innovative logistics company that overcomes boundaries in global e-commerce with its shipping solutions. As a digital start-up in the global Lufthansa Cargo Group, we ensure optimal transit and turnaround times for our customers' shipments. In cooperation with our partners, we are able to transport parcels to over 300 destinations worldwide every day. We combine airfreight with the last mile and solve logistical challenges in an uncomplicated and reliable way.
We continue to grow and are looking to strengthen our IT team with a
PHP Backend Developer (m/f/d)
for the next possible date in full-time for our headquarters at the international airport in Frankfurt am Main.
What you’ll do:
Software development is your passion? Do you love working in a dynamic, hierarchy-free team and developing sustainable product solutions? That's a good match! With us, you can actively participate in the conception and development of end-to-end logistics solutions for cross-border eCommerce.
Develop new modules and features for our TMS
Adapt existing features and workflows to changing business requirement
Write clean, robust, maintainable code
Ensure all of our tehnology is scalable
Work with our own IT team as well as external developers
Debug and maintain existing code
Write automated tests to ensure a good code quality and stability
The right fit:
You have a technical education/studies and/or relevant work experience, are talented, inquisitive and motivated to do excellent work that will advance our team and the company? You want to play to your individual strengths and at the same time benefit from the experience of your team colleagues? This profile is tailor-made for you?
University degree or relevant experience
3 or more years of backend development experience, at least two years with PHP
Experience with containerization, e.g. Docker
Deep understanding of RESTful APIs
Proficiency with SQL databases
Bonus points if you have some experience with Golang
Willingness to understand business processes and seek the right solutions to support them
Be a team player
Flexibility, open-mindedness and a hands-on mentality
Willingness to understand the requirements of our customers and our business
Fluency in English (writing / speaking)
What we offer you:
At heyworld, we live on team spirit, diversity and active co-design by different personalities. We offer you a modern, permanent job with a feel-good atmosphere, a start-up culture with freedom and opportunities for your personal development, flexible working conditions and fair remuneration.
Flexible working hours and mobile working possible (with 2 office days per week)
Subsidy for public transport tickets
Training budget for your personal development
Flat hierarchies
Free drinks & snacks
Regular team events
Regular further training
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
heyworld GmbH
60549 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.