Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Senior Simulation Software Engineer (f/m/d)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 hour ago
Show salary
Save
Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a
Senior Simulation Software Engineer (d/f/m)
Our department develops top notch, high fidelity Engineering and Training Simulations for a variety of aircrafts, supporting the entire development lifecycle.
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer for the development of a synthetic environment for flight simulators, which will enable the future engineering and collaborative training capabilities for different platforms in Airbus - RPAS, Combat, Military transport, Tankers, VR/AR and beyond.
Your work will be focused on the design, development, integration and testing of the simulation software, for the different aspects covered by the synthetic environment (terrain, weather, electronic warfare, communications, computer generated forces, etc.). Introduction of role, department, team and project
Your location
Located about an hour's drive north of Munich, Manching is an up-and-coming market town that offers a wide range of leisure and cultural activities. Here, you can enjoy the quality of life in the countryside while the pleasures of near-by cities are still within easy reach.
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten close to the site   
Your tasks and responsibilities
Design architecture of software modules for new simulator functionalities
Develop and integrate simulation models representing the natural and tactical synthetic environment of a simulation (mainly C++)
Develop and integrate simulation models representing aircraft equipment within the simulation (mainly C++)
Create and perform unit tests of Software modules
Perform integration testing 
Desired skills and qualifications
Bachelor degree (or equivalent) in Software Engineering or a related discipline and a minimum of 3 years experience within Engineering
Experience in software design, integration & testing, agile methodologies as well as experience in procedural and object oriented programming, Experience in the Flight Simulation would be beneficial (avionics, rehosting, visual systems)
Good knowledge of tools / technologies: C/C++, Scripting languages (Bash, Python, Powershell), Linux (Ubuntu, SLES, RHEL7), Continuous Integration & Continuous build system (Jenkins) and Software version control (Git)
Analytical structured thinking and capability to work independently
Very good English written and spoken and Willingness to travel abroad (mainly within the EU)
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
  This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Manching, Deutschland