Jobs by email
Continental AG
Software Developer for Cyber Security (m/f/diverse)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our area Safety and Motion at the location Regensburg.
As a global market leader with more than 40 years of experience in the safety electronic market we are driving innovation in passive safety for E-Mobility and autonomous driving and strive for edge cutting new technologies. We are developing safety functions in the context of Airbag Control Units (ACU) towards our vision ZERO: ZERO crashes, fatalities, and injuries.
Your tasks will focus on the following activities:
Responsibility for individual development or adaptation and integration of 3rd party solutions in complex areas of:
Hardware Security Management (HSM)
Key / certificate management
Secure onboard communication
Protection of diagnosis
Integrity validation data
Actively coordination of generic implementations in the software security for platform and customer projects
Qualifications
Bachelor of science in electronics engineering, computer engineering, or equivalent engineering degree
Experience in embedded software development and/or related professional experience is an advantage
Programming experience with C/C++ language on embedded software/microcontrollers and development tools is required
Knowledge in software security (HSM, key / certificate management, secure onboard communication is an advantage
Knowledge in software development processes, tools, and methods such as requirement management (IMS, IBM Doors Rhapsody, etc.) is an advantage
Knowledge in well-known development standards in the automotive industry (UNECE WP29, AUTOSAR, ASPICE, ISO26262,) is an advantage
Business English language skills (spoken and written) and Good German language skills (spoken and written)
Willingness to work in international teams ans a team-oriented way of working
Very good problem solving and analytical skills
High degree of proactive and collaborative way of working within the project team
You are looking for an individual working time model? We support part-time work.
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits.
You would like to learn more about our additional services? Click here to find out more: https://www.continental.com/en/career/working-at-continental/what-we-offer/
  Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Siemensstraße 12, 93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -