Jobs by email
Hapag-Lloyd AG
IT Escalation Manager (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
Introduction
Food, machinery or T-shirts: Hapag-Lloyd moves goods around the globe with over 250 container ships. We connect more than 600 ports on all continents and are one of the largest liner shipping companies. More than 13,000 employees work on board, ashore or in one of our 350 offices. Together, we transport around 12 million containers per year. Our corporate values "We care. We move. We deliver" serve as coordinates on our way. They guide our collaboration with each other as colleagues and with our customers to achieve the best possible quality. In the long run, we are committed to climate and environmental protection as well as human rights and many other social issues.
As IT Escalation Manager (m/f/d), you are responsible for managing critical and escalated incidents to minimize the impact on Hapag-Lloyd's business. You ensure that all incidents are resolved in a timely and effective manner, and that communication is maintained with all stakeholders throughout the incident lifecycle. Additionally, you also work closely with other IT teams and providers to identify and implement process improvements that will prevent incidents from escalating in the first place.
Working closely with the development departments, you ensure a smooth transition of newly developed products into operations by coaching the teams regarding requirements which are required for support or operations. You participate in Service Management projects or tenders to provide and assure the Service Management requirements.
Your responsibilities
Manage critical and escalated incidents in the IT department, ensuring that all incidents are resolved in a timely and effective manner
Maintain communication with all stakeholders throughout the incident lifecycle, including end-users, IT staff, and management
Coordinate with other IT teams to identify and implement process improvements that will prevent incidents from escalating in the first place
Document and maintain incident records and metrics, providing regular reports to management on incident trends and performance metrics
Develop and maintain relationships with key stakeholders, including business partners, vendors, and external service providers
Ensure compliance with IT policies, procedures, and standards, and work with other IT teams to identify and mitigate potential risks
Provide guidance and support to IT staff regarding service management processes and requirements for the hand-over process to operations
Conduct post-incident reviews to identify areas for improvement and develop action plans to address any issues
On-call Manager on Duty for escalations outside Hamburg office hours
Your profile
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field
Minimum of 5 years of experience in IT operations
Strong technical knowledge of IT systems and infrastructure, including network, server, and storage technologies
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical stakeholders
Strong problem-solving and decision-making skills, with the ability to work under pressure and make sound judgments in high-pressure situations
Demonstrated experience in process improvement and change management
Strong leadership skills, with the ability to motivate and manage teams in a dynamic and fast-paced environment
Experience working with IT service management tools and incident management processes
Willingness to work at our office in Hamburg 3 days/ week and 2 days remote according to our policy
ITIL Foundation certification is highly desirable
German language expectations: We expect all international candidates to be willing to learn at least the basics of the German language in case they are accepted for the position. This will enable you to participate in social and community life in Germany and at our company premises in the best viable way.
We offer
A trust-based and appreciative corporate culture and numerous opportunities for professional and personal development
Competitive remuneration (13 salaries + vacation pay) and social benefits, as well as a permanent employment contract with a financially healthy company
At least 28 days of vacation, flextime, capital-forming benefits
Dynamic and modern working atmosphere in a newly renovated, modern office in the heart of Hamburg’s city center as well as subsidized public transportation
Hybrid work model: 3 days a week at our headquarters in the heart of Hamburg and 2 days a week of mobile work
Company restaurant with daily varying, high-quality dishes to choose from as well as coffee bar
Bike leasing for all positions
Health and company sports programs (e.g., yoga, sailing, fitness courses, and much more)
Contact details
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Hapag-Lloyd AG
Rosenstraße 9, 20095 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates