Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Team Lead / Competency Lead - Carrie App (m/f/d)
Stuttgart, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Köln, Ingolstadt, Leipzig, München, Berlin, Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
Your tasks
As competency/team lead (m/f/d), being responsible for creating a team and the personal development and guidance of Full-Stack engineers within this team in the area of "Store Apps"
Managing dependencies between several products
Leading by example, taking accountability for your product, architecture and compliance to our coding standards
Taking a key role in analyzing and refining requirements with the product owner
Fearlessly working with revenue critical systems. In our domain, we build the systems where billions of euros flow first - Hence, all subsequent systems rely on correctness of our calculations
Setting impulses for technical renewal in order to further optimize the development process to develop and ship stable customer features as fast as possible
Strengthen your knowledge in new, emerging, and exciting technologies, such as Reactjs, React Native,Typescript, GraphQL, SPA, Microservices, Hexagonal Architecture, MongoDB, and more
Collaborating with other departments and teams on collaborating API changes and feature requests
Close collaboration with the Engineering Delivery Lead, Vice Presidents, and Principal Engineers, involved in creating and constantly updating domain and product strategy
Requirements
Great passion for Development in an high traffic business environment
Enthusiastically pursuing and implementing ambitious goals, focusing on customer added value
Visionary, long-term strategic thinking for your product with the courage to think outside the box
Great passion in working with people and helping them in their professional growth
Live for technology, strive for more knowledge and appreciate good, extensible and easy to understand software architectures
Team player (m/f/d): Love to collaborate with others and rather ask for help than trying to invent the wheel a second time
Fluent communication skills in English
Fluent in German is a plus
Experience in leading software development teams in an enterprise environment is a plus
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. 
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €