Jobs by email
Fresenius Medical Care
Global Head IT Business Partners Supply Chain & Mfg. (m/f/d)
bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal diseases. As a global health care company, we have  a special goal: provide the best possible care. Join us to improve the quality of life for a growing number of patients around the world and be a vital part of our team.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
Fresenius Medical Care – Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every day. More than four decades of experience in dialysis, innovative research, the global leader in dialysis services and products – that is Fresenius Medical Care.
Your assignments
The Global DTI Business Partner Supply Chain & Manufacturing (GDTIBP) has the overall responsibility to lead the Global Business Partnering efforts in our Care Enablement group.
This role serves as the strategic interface with the business stakeholder groups, for the purpose of business technology strategy development, solution discovery, service management, risk management and relationship management.
The GDTIBP will be an advocate for the relevant operating segments within GDTI, and an advocate for GDTI within the relevant operating segments. The GDTI BP has significant knowledge in subject matters pertaining to both GDTI and the business areas. The GDTIBP serves as the key liaison between the relevant operating segments and GDTI. The GDTIBP provides highly valued strategic consulting level support and guidance through key GDTI initiatives. Communicates decisions, priorities, and relevant project information to appropriate levels of staff regarding business unit / function requests and projects and initiatives. Proactively shares knowledge of technology risks and opportunities to build competitive advantage and improve efficiency and effectiveness of business units. Partners with the relevant leader­ship teams from the defined Stakeholder Groups and other key stakeholders to define opportunities and identify and prioritize projects based on predefined criteria (e. g. return on investment, productivity, compliance). The GDTIBP focuses on strategic initiatives and planning activities for relevant Fresenius Medical Care operating segments, striving to understand market challenges, including customer priorities and competitive issues. GDTIBP’s facilitate the investment intake process and the high-level planning and execution of business initiatives. The GDTIBP will serve a lead role in enabling the business to achieve their objectives through the effective use of technology.
GDTIBP for Supply Chain and Manufacturing is representing GDTI in front of Workers Council in Germany and acts as global GDTI interface to the Workers Council.
The GDTIBP proactively serves as a “trusted advisor” and is the primary GDTI point of contact to business line executives and managers within Supply Chain and Manufacturing. The GDTIBP operates as the key business contact representing GDTI in promoting GDTI services and capabilities. The GDTIBP partners with the Business Management teams to ensure the operational needs of the business area are effectively met.
The GDTI BP will lead relevant strategic planning activities, effectively manage IT budgets and maintain important strategic partnerships within Supply Chain and Manufacturing. The GDTIBP will act as the “face” of Global DTI to the relevant business stakeholders and take responsibility / accountability where required.
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provides strategic leadership of short- and long-term-goals through the use of thoughtful techniques in the communication of the company’s mission and core values as a means to implement positive change.
Leads the Demand Management process between the relevant Business Stakeholder groups and Global DTI.
Works with the Global DTI Project Portfolio Office to prioritize business demands.
Drives the end user adoption of new technology in partnership with the wider Global DTI team.
Ensures alignment to Corporate IT Governance and local Regulatory needs.
Represents GDTI in front of Workers Council in Germany and acts as a main interface to the Workers Council.
Leads operational efforts through subordinates to complete the administration of business processes and services to ensure the operations effective achievement of goals within the assigned business unit(s).
Directs and controls the activities of a broad functional area through several lower department managers within the company.
Directs and controls the broad activities of the business unit(s) through the interpretation, application and implementation of company-wide policies and processes appropriate to the functional area(s).
Ensures that budgets and schedules are within company requirements with significant organizational responsibility for the overall control of planning, staffing, budgeting, expense priority management, and recommendation and implementation changes of current methods.
Collaborates with employees in the establishment of clear and concise development plans to ensure succession planning and the advancement of future leaders within the organization.
Works on complex issues and abstract issues / situations where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth knowledge of the company.
Strategic leader with broad-based knowledge in individual departments, and strong knowledge of industry practice and business principles.
Participates with other senior managers to establish strategic plans and objectives. Develops and coordinates simultaneous strategies / initiatives for direct departments and contributes to the development of divisional / business unit strategies.
Makes final decision on administrative or operational matters and ensures operations effective achievement of objectives.
Interprets and provides recommendations for change of company-wide policies and practices. Establishes policies appropriate for the function.
Regularly interacts with executives, senior management, and/or major customers. Interactions frequently require special skills such as negotiating or influencing customers and/or senior level leaders in matters of significance to the organization.
Recognized as an influential leader. Interacts with all levels within the organization to manage functional area.
Your profile
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Some travel required for the role.
Position is based in Germany.
EDUCATION AND REQUIRED CREDENTIALS:
Bachelor’s Degree; Advanced Degree preferred or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Native German language is a must.
Overall understanding of the complexity of European legislation (focus on German legislation).
EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS:
15+ years’ IT work experience in a similar role or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 5+ years’ experience internal senior management level role; or 5+ years’ external experience in a senior management level role.
Strong knowledge of the Healthcare Services or Medical Device industries and Supply Chain and Manufacturing.
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate with all levels of management through diplomacy and tact.
Excellent oral and written communication skills; translate complexity into the actionable.
Strong combination of strategic vision, and practical project management and execution skills; top flight consulting experience a plus.
Strong intellectual capital paired with equally strong emotional intelligence and “servant leadership”.
Demonstrated ability to manage large, complex change efforts and to drive results through influence, persuasion and relationships.
Strong business acumen coupled with strong technology knowledge.
Politically astute; able to navigate complex organizations; demonstrated ability to achieve results through influence in a cross functional, matrixed team environment.
Assesses quickly with a track record of getting up to speed and adding immediate value to new situations.
Exceptional ability to co-create and work collectively with various IT and business leaders and other key stakeholders.
Effective change agent, can lead change, think out of the box, & make new ideas happen. Ability to communicate vision and strategy.
Positive and engaging attitude, strong relationship building.
Leadership Competencies:
Enterprise Mindset.
Strategic thinking; takes a broad view of the business and IT to anticipate and plan for the future.
Leads through influence, often without direct authority, persuading through use of data and facts; demonstrate sufficient gravitas; inspire and motivate others.
Strives to make decisions with the companies best interest in mind.
Demonstrate comfort in taking risks and be innovative to solve business challenges.
Self-starter; Proactive, and willing to take on whatever work is required to get the job done.
Demonstrated ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Demonstrated ability to think creatively; anticipate problems and opportunities.
Your Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.