Jobs by email
ZEISS
Consultant S/4 Analytics (m/f/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the basis and data fundaments of Data Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. In this challenging function, you will help our business units to analyze requirements for Operational Reporting needs and provide subject matter expertise on SAP S/4 Operational Reporting functionality within a global and ambitious S/4 transformation program.            
You will manage the activation and customization of Operational Reporting business content in S/4 or design and implement hybrid solutions together with SAP BW and ensuring integrity and validated state during the lifetime of the new applications.
As a SAP S/4 Senior consultant at the Zeiss Digital Partners, you are part of our Data and Analytics team and join the vibrant Zeiss data analytics and machine learning community.
Ihr Profil
Technical or University Degree in computer science, software engineering or similar field
Solid SAP S4/HANA design, architecture and business requirements gathering experience (2+). BW4/HANA development experience is an added advantage
Experience of data integrations with SAP SAC / SAP UI5 / SAP Fiori / SAP BW4/HANA and SAP S4/HANA platform
Experience with design and review of complex data transformations, extract loads in a complex SAP S/4 global instance environment.
Development skills associated with CDS/BOPF and RAP based programming along with frontend SAPUI5/Fiori development in the perspective of S/4 HANA.
Experience working on standard CDS views and Fiori apps activation and implementation.
Skilled in Object Oriented concepts and their implementation in ABAP.
Knowledge of designing and implementing HANA Calculation views.
Strong experience with activation and customization of S/4 Operational Reporting business content
Knowledge on SAP Best Practices with technical implementation experience and working in an Agile setup
Deep understanding of the SAP S4 core data-model in finance (FICO) data model is a plus
Ability to review design documents, critique architecture recommendations from other SMEs
Strong technical and problem-solving skills
Advanced English language skills
Good communication with peers, technical teams, and business representatives.
Experience working within an international environment
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.