Jobs by email
Unsere Grüne Glasfaser GmbH & Co. KG
Working Student Business Process Engineer (m/f/d)
Ismaning
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Easy apply
Save
About us
To secure and expand Germany's position as one of the world's leading innovation and technology locations, access to the fibre optic network is a must for everyone and everywhere.
We at UGG see it as our mission and task to decisively advance Germany's fibre optic network and make ultra-fast high-speed internet available even in rural areas. In this way, we make a decisive contribution to opening up new possibilities for how we communicate with each other, work and shape our lives according to our personal ideas. We are looking for experienced and highly motivated people who share our passion and want to contribute to our mission as Germany's top-notch and sustainable fibre network provider.
In case of equal suitability, applicants (m/f/d) with a severe disability will be given preferential consideration.
Your mission
Support in the definition, implementation and maintenance of business processes and procedures to meet business targets.
Process improvement. Support in the analysis and identification of opportunities for business process improvements (Perform gap analysis between current and future process).
Work with IT and business stakeholders supporting the integration of new and existing business processes.
Support to facilitate problem-solving and brain-storming sessions with customers to develop solutions that represent a win/win.
Support in the provision of technical advice on processing technology, capability, risks, costs.
Documentation. Support the creation of and maintenance of high quality documentation, to be used both to train Operations users and as a reference in their day to day work.
Reporting.  Support in the preparations of management reporting and definition productivity KPIs.
Support to the business.  Give support to the business with the processes implemented, helping the main contact between business and its main stakeholders.
Your profile
Enrolled student in IT or related field of studies.
German native speaker, English proficient. Spanish is a plus.
Analytical and logical thinking with creative problem-solving ability.
Good communication and teamwork skills.
A good capacity to understand the business needs.
Positive can-do attitude consistently delivering above expectations.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Unsere Grüne Glasfaser GmbH & Co. KG
Adalperostr., 85737 Ismaning, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Company mobile phone
Home office
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.