Jobs by email
Maschinenfabrik Reinhausen GmbH
Software Architect (f/m/d) Embedded Systems in the field Power Electronic Converters
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
At the world market leader in energy technology, you will help to keep the energy supply stable in the future. With our intelligent digital and analogue solutions, you can help shape the implementation of the energy transition. In a global team of 3,600 committed colleagues, which is characterized by the unique cohesion of our family-run group of companies. Reinhausen - Where power meets passion
For our Embedded System Team at the Regensburg location, we are looking for you as:
Software Architect (f/m/d) Embedded Systems in the field Power Electronic Converters
What challenges can you expect?
You develop the system and software architecture for control of power electronic converters
You create requirements documents according to specifications
You develop embedded C and C++ code for our devices
You develop Linux user-land applications and kernel drivers
You mentor some less experience engineers
You interact with control, tools, backend, frontend, HIL and VHDL colleagues
You use modern lifecycle management and CI/CD tools
What do we expect from you?
MSc degree in the field of embedded systems, computer science or electrical engineering with deep knowledge in software architecture and embedded systems
5+ years of professional experience
Deep understanding of software architecture using UML standards
Deep knowledge in embedded programming in C, C++, RTOS, Linux for AMD/Xilinx FPGA targets and some understanding of power electronics would be helpful. Experience with AMD Xilinx Petalinux or Yocto-based systems is a plus
Clear understanding on driver, hardware abstraction layers, middleware and application software for power electronics and mechatronics systems
Good knowledge on microcontrollers and SoC devices, STM32 and Zynq is a plus
Drivers for peripherals such as UART, SPI, I2C, timers, ADCs, DMA, PWM are well known for you
This is what we offer. And much more.
Click through our benefits and learn more about your benefits with us!
Work environment
Flexible working time models, mobile working, modern IT equipment, new office work environments & ergonomic workplaces
Health and prevention
Regular health days, company doctor, massage services, company sports groups, canteen, free water dispensers
Culture
Challenging tasks in a system-relevant industry, freedom to shape and make decisions as well as a high degree of personal responsibility, working in an international and innovative environment
Benefits and extras
Discounts at retail stores and various online stores, parking spaces for employees, free WLAN
Compensation
Competitive compensation, participation in the company's success, vacation and Christmas bonuses as well as variable bonus payments, company pension plan, private accident insurance
Interested? Apply now!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Maschinenfabrik Reinhausen GmbH
Falkensteinstraße 8, 93059 Regensburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Incentives & events
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.