Jobs by email
Allianz Partners SAS Niederlassung Deutschland
IT Project Manager (m/f/d) for Mobility Topics
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us. 
What you do
As part of our continuous growth, we are looking for a highly motivated Project Manager / Product Owner for the development and implementation of Mobility digital solutions for Allianz Partners Mobility.
You will support the Mobility lines of business with a focus on the development and rollout of digital solutions across international markets. As the central interface between business and IT, you will coordinate and collaborate with Allianz Partners global office, regions, business units, IT delivery teams and business partners. You lead the projects, evaluate business requirements, develop implementation plans, safeguard delivery and prepare reports to senior management. Within the company organization you will report to the head of Mobility Organisational Management.
This position offers an excellent opportunity to work in an international and interdisciplinary environment. You will be close to both business and IT and have excellent exposure internally and externally.
You enjoy working across departments in an international environment, have organizational talent, excellent communication skills and are assertive, resilient and proactive. We would be happy to receive your application!
Key responsibilities
Driving projects as the interface between business, business units, business partners (OEM), relevant functions, IT and external service providers in the mobility segments. Define the project plan, governance and ensuring stakeholder engagement and sign-off. 
Defining, controlling and implementing the business requirements along the entire value chain from the conceptualisation of business ideas through to the solution evaluation, to productive implementation and testing. 
Creating the implementation scenarios and establish testing plans.
Responsible for the release/version planning, execution and communication to our business units and partners. 
Providing training material and user documentation from a technical  and user perspective.
Designing and continually optimize business processes as well as initiate and coordinate change management measures.
Advising our Mobility customers and stakeholders for ongoing and future business opportunities.
What you bring
Good knowledge of (mobility) insurance related processes, e.g. policy, claims, product and pricing structure
Good and comprehensive IT expertise in project management, business requirement management
Digital / IT literacy, understanding of technical solutions and services
At least 3 years of professional experience in the insurance or consulting industry (strategy, IT, operations)
Extensive expertise in mobility insurance and financial products
Knowledge of Attlassian (e.g. Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket) or similar tools is a plus
Good command of English and German (written and spoken), University degree, Master's degree
What we offer
Our employees play an integral part in our success as a business. We appreciate that each of our employees are unique and have unique needs, ambitions and we enjoy being a part of their journey.
We are there to empower and encourage you with your personal and professional development ensuring  that you take control by offering a large variety of courses and targeted development programs. All that in a global environment where international mobility and career progression are encouraged. Caring for your health and wellbeing is key priority for us. This is why we build Work Well programs to providing you with peace of mind and give the flexibility in planning and arranging for a better work-life balance.
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Allianz Partners SAS Niederlassung Deutschland
Königinstr. 28, 80802 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.