Jobs by email
Continental AG
System Architect - Autonomous Mobility Ecosystem (m/f/diverse)
Ulm, Lindau, Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our area Autonomous Mobility at the location Ulm, Lindau or Frankfurt. As System Architect (m/f/diverse) in the technology office in the area of engineer platform and ecosystem, you are responsible for the technology and innovation aspects for our ecosystem. You are the interface to internal and external stakeholders about technical and strategic aspects for our ecosystem, the higher-level vehicle architecture, as well as to subsystems.
Your tasks will focus on the following activities: 
Aligning ecosystem architecture with business strategy
Providing strategic technical direction across artificial release trains (ARTs) and teams
Collaborating with lean portfolio management
Guiding and supporting the architectural runway strategy
Promoting modern technical and DevOps practices
Synchronizing architecture functions across ARTs and teams
Driving customer-centric innovation and supporting strategic quote activities
Qualifications
University degree in engineering, computer science or comparable
Several years of experience as value responsible in product development for safety and security critical automotive systems
Profound knowledge in agile development methodology, project management, product lifecycle, system and software engineering
Very good knowledge of DevOps culture and implementations as well as advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) specific data management and ADAS tooling
Very good English and German language skills, both written and spoken
Strong skills in the area of strategic thinking and leading innovations
Very good communication skills and high level of motivation 
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
What we offer:
Our products save lives. We offer you an interesting and varied job as part of a motivated team at one of the largest suppliers to the automotive industry
An attractive compensation package that comes along with unique flexible working conditions like hybrid work, flexible working time, sabbaticals that help you to balance work, family and spare time
Exciting, varied projects in our high-tech customer environment
Numerous career opportunities and the rapid assumption of responsibility, in line with our four corporate values passion to win, trust, freedom and for one another
A large selection of internal and external training measures, supported by our group-wide learning platform and regular feedback meetings as part of our talent management
A comprehensive range of additional benefits, such as various sports and wellness offers, JobRad and sick pay supplement
Support for child care, subsidies for child-sick days and much more
Attractive regions to live and work directly on Lake Constance, in the country or in the cosmopolitan city with a heart
You would like to learn more about our additional services? Click here to find out more.
Shape the future of autonomous mobility with us!
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €