Jobs by email
ZEISS
Head of End-to-End Process and System Transformation incl. S/4HANA introduction (m/f/d)
Aalen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Discuss the requirements with the department representatives (what is desired) and compare them with the technical possibilities, involving the specialists in IT and/or other affected areas about the possibilities within the framework of the company specifications
Compile the necessary project parameters (costs, personnel requirements, support requirements, periods, times, employees and third parties to be involved, etc.), coordinate everything with the client, if necessary with the finance department, in order to obtain a profitability calculation from them
Subsequent coordination with client in IT management and collection of the project order
Draw up schedules and workflows and coordinate them on an ongoing basis with those responsible for the work packages/topics
Document possible deviations and discuss countermeasures; in the event of disagreements, bring them into the project coordination process in order to jointly define solutions
Also continuously monitor compliance with all set goals, document deviations and ensure corrective measures via the decision-makers in the specialist department, or via IT management if necessary
Document projects in a standardized manner in order to be able to use success factors quickly in the long term, to avoid mistakes that have been made, to be able to carry out training courses and to comply with documentation standards specified by law and internally at ZEISS
Describe the services to be purchased in consultation with the specialist departments and IT experts, draw possible providers from open sources, add known providers and compare offers
Then place the order with the involvement of the purchasing department and continuously track the performance of the services, report any deviations to the purchasing department for renegotiation
Support and train project participants professionally from their own task and expertise, coordinate employee deployment within the scope of the project assignment and organize it within the given objectives
Report disciplinary deviations in direct cooperation to disciplinary superiors, make recommendations for participation in projects
Ihr Profil
Degree in industrial engineering or computer science
5-10 years of practical experience in planning, managing and implementing IT projects in an international environment with different business partners and their diverse requirements
Practical experience in instruction/training of users
English fluency
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Daniela Kraus
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73431 Aalen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.