Jobs by email
HeidelbergCement AG
Group Auditor IT (f/m/d)
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Heidelberg Materials – Material to build your future
Heidelberg Materials is one of the world's largest integrated manufacturers of building materials and solutions with leading market positions in cement, aggregates, and ready-mixed concrete. We are represented in over 50 countries with more than 51,000 employees at almost 3,000 sites.
At the centre of our actions lies the responsibility for the environment. As the forerunner on the path to carbon neutrality and circular economy in the building materials industry, we are working on sustainable building materials and solutions for the future. We enable new opportunities for our customers through digitalisation.
The department Group Internal Audit at our Headquarters in Heidelberg is looking to recruit a Group Auditor IT (f/m/d). You will be located in Heidelberg, Germany.
Your next challenge
Coordinate IT audits: With respect to specialized area, oversee IT audit activities within the Group. Recom­mend cross-country reviews. Develop group wide audit approaches and condense their outcome.
Prepare, manage and conduct audits, condense results straight forward, precise and user-oriented (Managing Board and Senior Management). Communicate complex technical issues in simplified terms to the relevant staff.
Examine relevant IT controls, evaluate the design and operational effectiveness, determine exposure to risk, and develop remediation strategies. Test and identify network and system vulnerabilities.
Trace results: Sufficiently document the audit progress and results.
Review the applied strategy / ensure that effective and efficient test methods are applied in audit projects, suggest relevant audit subjects, trace agreed actions.
Specialize in your competence area: For IT-related issues network with relevant HM personal and represent GIA towards them, keep yourself informed about Best Practices and utilize such information for audit strategies, share this expertise actively with your colleagues in GIA.
Your profile
University degree in relevant sciences
At least 4 years employment in a relevant function in industry / 2 years of work experience in IT audit and/ or IT risk management with a clear understanding of IT audit methodologies
Experience with firewalls (functionality and maintenance), Office 365 Security, VSX, and Endpoint Security
Fluent knowledge of English
Financial and IT application experience (SAP, Ariba, Basware)
Experience with relational database management system (e.g. SQL Server, Oracle)
Proven expertise of IT-controls and ‑security, familiarity with related control concepts (e.g. COBIT, ITIL, PRINCE2); specific degree, e.g. CISSP, CISA / national equivalent welcome, but not a must
Solid experience in the area of firewalls, VPN, Data Loss Prevention, Intrusion detection systems (IDS) and intrusion prevention systems (IPS), Web-Proxy, and Security Audits
Preferably experience with Cloud Web platforms (e.g Azure, AWS)
Good understanding of GDPR requirements to be reflected in IT processes and applications
Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment
Strong attention to detail with an analytical mind and outstanding problem-solving skills
Willingness to travel internationally, up to 30 %
Our offer
Flexible working time models with up to 50% remote working within Germany
30 vacation days plus additional special vacation days
Attractive compensation with profit share/bonus, Christmas and vacation payment
Multiple learning & development options: support of job-related further training, E-campus, various technical and leadership development programs
JobTicket, JobBike and further special conditions and discounts for e.g. gyms
Company fitness room, various sports classes, health and prevention campaigns
Individual onboarding with buddy program as well as various networking initiatives (Network of Women, International Network etc.)
Modern headquarters next to the river Neckar with ergonomic workplaces and height-adjustable desks
Canteen with discounted and healthy meals
Bicycle and underground parking with charging stations - for e-bike and car
...and much more.
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HeidelbergCement AG
Heidelberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.