Jobs by email
TenneT TSO GmbH
Information Manager for the DC MultiHub Program (m/f/d)
Lehrte
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
This will be your workplace
TenneT is a leading European grid operator. We are committed to providing a secure and reliable supply of electricity 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, while helping to drive the energy transition in our pursuit of a brighter energy future – more sustainable, reliable and affordable than ever before. In our role as the first cross-border Transmission System Operator (TSO) we design, build, maintain and operate 24,500 km of high-voltage electricity grid in the Netherlands and large parts of Germany, and facilitate the European energy market through our 16 interconnectors to neighbouring countries. We are one of the largest investors in national and international onshore and offshore electricity grids, with a turnover of EUR 6.4 billion and a total asset value of EUR 32 billion. Every day our 6,600 employees take ownership, show courage and make and maintain connections to ensure that the supply and demand of electricity is balanced for over 42 million people.
Lighting the way ahead together
Large Projects DC focuses on the large DC projects of the German energy transition: SuedLink and SuedOstLink. These ground-breaking DC projects are unique due to their complexity and size. We are planning, approving and building these DC projects as part of the transition to clean energy. An important basis for our projects is the high quality of our generated services.
TenneT is growing fast to realize its strategic ambitions. We play a leading role in driving the energy transition. We are looking for a passionate Information Manager (m/f/d) at our location/s Lehrte who will contribute to this and that might be you?  
As of June 2023
The weekly working time is 37 hours
The position is unlimited
  Your contribution to TenneT
TenneT is opening the next chapter of the Energy Transition: DC Multitermianl Hubs are an innovation, where onshore corridors and offshore grid connections will be connected at DC level.
As Information Manager (m/f/d) you will be responsible to develop the data and application landscape for the DC MultiHub program to incorporate specific projects, partner TSOs and vendors or service providers
In this role you will translate the program goals and business requirements into an information management strategy/concept and ensure the respective implementation
You ensure that the information management approach for the program is aligned with the enterprise strategy of TenneT and the partner TSOs, decisions on deviations and exceptions are well balanced and communicated towards the stakeholders
You will strive for efficiency, simplicity and user acceptance while gaining for excellent data quality and value
Your Profile and background
You have an academic working and thinking level and a relevant university degree in information management or engineering
You have profound working experience in the field Data and Information Management and a solid understanding of Asset Data requirements and Project Management processes
you have the ability to listen, understand and to map needs and wishes from various sources, to visualize these and translate them into requirements
you show ownership to make things happen or to say “no” if value or feasibility are below expectation
You don’t mind virtual working and traveling and you are fluent in German and English
Our offer
We are family friendly and flexible   Flexible working hours without fixed times and home office options allow you to organize your work individually. Our external partners also provide you with support services for various phases of life - for example, in matters relating to household services or care and career.
Health - your basis   Because we think it is important that you are healthy and feel good, we offer all kinds of great extras: we provide various opportunities to work out via our Always Energy program which offers a wide range of opportunities to indulge in sports (organised training for different sports, competitions and events). And you will receive a sports allowance if you are a member of a sports club.
Modern working environment * Modern IT-tools * Ergonomic workstations * Very well equipped conference rooms and communication solutions that enable cross-location and cross-border collaboration
Attractive remuneration and social benefits   We offer great benefits such as a salary based on our Collective Labor Agreement, an annual bonus and excellent pension scheme.
Personal development   Personal growth is something we actively stimulate within TenneT. For example we have our own TenneT Academy where you can explore and develop your own set of skills. More than that: you have the opportunity to work in an innovative company with an international network, to use your personal strengths and to shape the future together with us.
Recruitment Process
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
TenneT TSO GmbH
31275 Lehrte, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.