Jobs by email
CARIAD
Head of Software Integration (m/f/d)
Berlin, Wolfsburg, Ingolstadt, Mönsheim/Stuttgart, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
At CARIAD, it’s our mission to transform automotive mobility for everyone, everywhere, making it safer, more sustainable, and more comfortable in every way. To deliver on that promise, we’re building a unified technology and software platform, including a vehicle OS and cloud platform, as well as a unified architecture. As a 100% subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group, we’re developing solutions for all of its brands, including Volkswagen, Audi, and Porsche, and will bring our software to over 40 million vehicles by 2030.
Is this an easy task? Not at all! To tackle such a huge challenge, we need a great team. And that’s where you come in. You’ll join more than 6,000 CARIDIANS already working on the latest vehicle features and functions like automated driving, state-of-the-art charging technology, as well as a new digital ecosystem. Together, we’re bringing sustainable change to one of the largest companies in the world.
YOUR TEAM
Since we as CARIAD transform the automotive industry we have to step into software development. The central Software Integration Team set up the processes and environment for software integration and integrate the software artefacts from all over CARIAD. We are building up the team with colleagues who are experienced in software integration and are excited to build a great new company with us. The Software Integration team is located within the CARIAD Integration Test Center (TI), which is responsible to ensure validated software releases for usage in vehicle projects of all Volkswagen brands via the principals of Continuous Integration (CI/CD/CT).
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Define the vision and approach to drive the central software integration at CARIAD and embed it in our processes, methods and tools together with an agile organization
Plan and implement the integration of the various software artefacts from our partners as VW.OS to successfully build the complete ECU software for the CARIAD overall E/E Architecture
Act as a leader and individual contributor, be able to wear multiple hats to support the team
Drive decisions and countermeasures (short &amp; long-term) based on data and thorough root cause analysis documenting these carefully
Ensure the alignment of solution scope and architecture with key stakeholders
Working closely with other development departments
You will further develop and grow a team of highly enthusiastic members and will also act as a the quality gate for new processes and procedures within your area
WHO YOU ARE
Academic degree in computer science, electrical engineering or in a comparable qualification
At least 10 years of experience in embedded software development, DevOps and/or software integration
Always keen to challenge the status quo in order to develop and deliver an efficient and quality SW
Experience in integration, testing and bring-up of complex hardware/software systems
Strong leadership skills with the ability to compromise
Excellent people skills
Strong strategic thinking skills
Effective stakeholder management skills with the ability to influence senior executives through experience
Strong collaboration skills with the ability to build productive relationships and work well with people at all levels of an organization
High level of communication skills in German and English&nbsp;
NICE TO KNOW
Remote work options
Temporary work from abroad in selected countries
Flextime / optional working hours
Company pension plan
Annual professional development
Sabbatical option up to 6 months
30 days paid + 10 days unpaid leave
Possibility for VW Group car leasing
If you have further questions about the candidate journey at CARIAD, talk to Cari, our CARIAD Chatbot.&nbsp;Can’t see it? Check your settings or visit our&nbsp;FAQ
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.