Jobs by email
Research Alliance Ruhr
PhD Positions in Trustworthy Data Science and Security (m/f/d)
Be an early applicant
Dortmund
Doctoral thesis/State doctorate
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Research Alliance Ruhr
The Research Alliance Ruhr is a joint undertaking of the three major universities in the Ruhr area and was initiated by the Ruhr Conference. The four research centers focus on “One Health Ruhr,”“Chemical Sciences and Sustainability,”“Trustworthy Data Science and Security,” and “Future Energy Materials and Systems.” In addition, the Research Alliance Ruhr has established a “College for Social Sciences and Humanities”.
The Research Alliance Ruhr will appoint up to 50 research professors in the next few years and also offer numerous positions for research assistants. Join us now to create innovations for the world of tomorrow in Europe’s densest university landscape, where you can find a wide range of scientific and industrial partners right on the doorstep.
The Ruhr area, one of Europe’s largest metropolitan regions, offers attractive career opportunities for excellent scientists and scholars from around the world. In 2021, Ruhr University Bochum, TU Dortmund University and the University of Duisburg-Essen established the Research Alliance Ruhr to bundle their cutting-edge international research on the most urgent challenges facing humankind. There are four research centers and a college. This is just the latest chapter in our long-standing collaboration as the University Alliance Ruhr (UA Ruhr), a community of 14,000 researchers and 120,000 students in the heart of Germany.
As part of the Research Alliance Ruhr, the Research Center Trustworthy Data Science and Security is bringing the expertise of its universities together to bridge the gaps between Psychology & Social Sciences, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, Data Science & Statistical Learning, and Cybersecurity & Privacy. The following nine interdisciplinary PhD positions are to be filled as early as possible and are in full-time (part-time possible). Payment according to public service ́s agreement: TV-L E13.
9 PhD Positions in Trustworthy Data Science and Security (3 years) (m/f/d)
Your Responsibilities
Reliability Guarantees for Artificial Intelligence
Adversarials and Verification of Deep Anomaly Detectors
Balancing Privacy Enhancing Technologies and Data Governance
Neuro-Symbolic Verification
Probabilistic Verification of Learning Systems
Safe Reinforcement Learning via Runtime Monitoring
Safety and security Analysis of large generative models
Privacy and Transparency for AI systems
Legal and policy frameworks for technology governance
Data flow monitoring for auditing interconnected systems
Privacy, security and safety in eXtended Reality (AR/VR/Metaverse)
Uncertainty Quantification in Statistical and Machine Learning
Robustness and Properties of Statistical and Machine Learning Approaches
Statistical Learning for Spatio-Temporal Challenges
Probabilistic Learning Approaches in Human-Centered Systems
Automated Tuning of Parameters for complex machine learning models
Your Qualifications
Excellent degree (Master of Science) in psychology, statistics, computer science, mathematics, or similar programs
High degree of creativity, commitment, analytical competence, and interdisciplinary teamwork
High proficiency in English, both written and spoken for your scientific publications and presentations
What we offer
We work in a multidisciplinary team on collaborative research projects jointly envisioned by leading international experts from different domains. We aim at both theoretical research as well as practical applications in close collaboration with academic and industrial partners. The position is embedded in a creative, attractive, and internationally renowned research environment. With your research, you will play a primary role in the development of our new Research Center and outreach with trustworthy technology to the general public. Our international network of researchers and industry partners ensures a seamless transition into your next career step as university professor or international research institutions. A balanced and family-friendly work-life relationship is important to us; thus, we offer options for flexible working times or part-time remote home-office.
Career Opportunities
Our Research Center will hire 12 research professors in the next few years and offer numerous positions for research assistants and research group leaders. Join us now to create trustworthy innovations for the digital world of tomorrow in Europe’s largest metropolitan region.
Diversity
The TU Dortmund University promotes diversity and equal opportunities. Convince us with your personality and expertise.
Applications from women will be given preferential treatment in accordance with the legal regulations. It is pointed out that the application of suitable severely disabled persons is desired.
Your Application
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Research Alliance Ruhr
Dortmund, Deutschland