Jobs by email
West Pharmaceutical Services Deutschland GmbH &Co. KG
Digital Customer Service Specialist (m/f/d)
Eschweiler
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Do You Believe in Quality, Service and Team Spirit? Then Implement these Values Together with Us.
Make a difference as
Digital Customer Service Specialist (m/f/d)
Welcome at West
Established in 1923, West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. has become a global leader in innovative solutions for injectable drug administration. Each and every day, West manufactures more than 112 million products that are used to help improve health care for millions of people around the world.
Join our team of 7,500 employees in 16 countries to help us write the next chapter of our success story. We are constantly looking for new talents and people who won’t settle for second best. Thinkers. Doers. Enthusiasts. As an employee, you will experience a collaborative and dynamic global working environment, where your development is our priority.
West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. is a leading manufacturer of packaging components and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products. Working by the side of its customers from concept to patient, West creates products that promote the efficiency, reliability and safety of the world's pharmaceutical drug supply. West is headquartered in Exton, Pennsylvania, and supports its customers from locations in North and South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. West's 2020 sales of $2.14 billion reflect the daily use of approximately 112 million of its components and devices which are designed to improve the delivery of healthcare to patients around the world.
Location: Kiefernweg Campus, Eschweiler, NRW, Germany (hybrid)
Reason for open position: Replacement
Contract details: Permanent, Full-Time
Start date: asap
Contact person: Katharina Steffens
Job Summary:
The Specialist, CS, Analytics & Digital Solutions is a role focused on automation and digitization working to ensure our customers receive best experience through digital integrations. This function works closely with CS Operations to support highly effective turnaround of system reliant processes, monitoring the overall quality of the entire department and its procedures. They are driving to enhance the online interactions our customers have with West Customer Success and therefore are focused on providing a fast, responsive and effective work environment for the CS team. This role manages to operate with great attention to detail, providing detailed reporting and insight on SLA’s and KPI’s.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Ensuring touchpoints with the customer are handled efficiently throughout their journey
Supporting the Customer Experience team to connect with value to our customers, analogue and digitally
Assisting in Customer projects, verifying need and offering digital solutions
Onboarding of new employees, training the wider global team on new processes and tools, managing LMS updates and adherence
Standardization of processes and streamlining of the same, reducing manual intervention
Conducting internal audits, updating procedures, creating consequent training plan
Participating and answering audits for the CS department, processing findings as advised
Contributing to the adoption of the Online Webstore, OCR, and EDI
Expanding the use of West Digital for all three groups within the department
Increasing data adoption to enable improving decision making process, tracking operational metrics
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or completed vocational training and respective professional experience
Preferably 2-3 years’ experience in customer interaction roles
Knowledge or experience with ERP tools like SAP with Sales and Distribution and experience with ISO 9001
Excel skills on expert level, working knowledge of MS Office or the willingness to learn it quickly
Highly proficient in written and spoken English plus another European language preferably Italian, French, or Spanish
Strong learning capacity as well as communication and analytical skills
Technically savvy and adept
What Sets Us Apart?
Internationality – As an American company, we live a global cooperation within international structures
Philanthropy – We value an appreciative and friendly work environment as well as flat hierarchies
Market-appropriate remuneration – We offer an attractive, market-oriented remuneration, including company social benefits and purchasing benefits
Social engagement – We support local aid organizations through various actions organized by our employees
Diversity – We at West value the wide range of our employees who make up our company
Safety – Occupational safety is our highest priority; we offer secure jobs in a sustainable industry
Development opportunities – Our employees benefit from an extensive range of trainings as well as from a constant and targeted employee development
Family-friendly culture – We attach great importance to reconciling private life and work; flexible working hours are a matter of course for us
Kontakte
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
West Pharmaceutical Services Deutschland GmbH &Co. KG
52249 Eschweiler, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates