Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
Implementation Manager HR Systems (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading digital recruiting platforms and #2 most popular tech employer in Germany, we help everyone find the right job. Therefore, we need you!
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a Implementation Manager HR Systems (m/f/d)  in Düsseldorf. 
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. Please let us know, if we e.g. should use a gender neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process.
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies.
Your Tasks
Steering of the global implementation as well as ongoing support of our HR systems in the role of product owner
Support the integration of HR solutions into the existing system landscape
Enhancement of the solutions used to meet the requirements of the HR departments and the business areas
Translation of business requirements into technical specifications
Close cooperation with internal departments as well as external system- and service-providers to constantly improve the user experience
Stakeholder management from C-level to the local HR departments
Support and training of internal users in system usage
Project management
Your Profile
Several years of experience with international implementation and integration of cloud/SaaS solutions, ideally in the HR environment
Experience in recording business requirements and translating them into technical specifications
High solution orientation paired with the ability to think in terms of processes and system functionalities
Ideally experience with HR processes
Very good English knowledge
Your Benefits
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally. 
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues. 
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays. 
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off. 
Our location? At the Medienhafen! For you that means we're easy to reach - whether by car, train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your parking space or job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably. 
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role. 
Are you into fitness? Great! Whether it's in our own fitness studio, playing beach volleyball or running, you can keep fit with our wide range of sporting activities. 
Fancy a coffee? Then take a look at our in-house baristas. Whether Caramello, Cortado or Flat White lactose-free - everything is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day. 
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office. 
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentives, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too! 
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
Völklinger Straße 1, 40219 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates