Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Intership in the area of Software development for Bosch Motorsport (.Net C#)
Abstatt bei Stuttgart
Internship
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 weeks ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Engineering GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Abstatt
Your tasks
As a member of development team, you have the opportunity to work in all stages of the developement process.
Tasks must be developed with performance and resource optimization in mind.
Developement of features in C# with visual studio in big projects.
Own ideas and self initiatives are highly appreciated in our small goal oriented team.
You work closely with senior developers and help bring the product to market.
Support implementing continuous testing alongside test automation.
Start: 1. Mai 2023
Time: 6 months 
Your profile
Personality: You are Goal oriented, Effecient and Communicative.
Working Practice: An independent and systematic way of working distinguishes you.
Experience and Knowledge: You have strong understanding of Object Oriented Programming( C#/.net).
Qualifications: You have experience in working with visual studio and .Net framework.
Enthusiasm: Developing high quality products is in your special interests.
Languages: Very good knowledge of German and English, both written and spoken
Education: Studies in the field of software engineering, computer science or similar.
Prerequisite for the internship is the matriculation at a university. Please enclose with your application a current certificate of enrollment, study and examination regulations and, if applicable, a valid work and residence permit for Germany.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Allee 1, 74232 Abstatt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.