Jobs by email
KION Information Management Services GmbH
IT Data Protection Coordinator (f/m/d)
Aschaffenburg, Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
You want to make a difference? Then you've come to the right place. We are the KION Group and at home in the world of intralogistics. Our 41,000 employees make the difference and make us what we are: the largest manufacturer of forklift trucks and warehouse trucks in Europe and also one of the world's leading suppliers of warehouse automation. Across more than 100 countries worldwide, our solutions improve the flow of material and information within factories, warehouses, and distribution centers. 
Our success is based on the skills and commitment of our employees. That's why we offer you interesting job opportunities and exciting career prospects in an innovative and future-oriented growth industry.
Are you looking for a challenge in data protection and are you particularly interested in its implementation in IT processes? Do you want to significantly influence an M-DAX company’s IT development? Then join the KION Group IT as IT Data Protection Coordinator (f/m/d), based in Aschaffenburg or Frankfurt, Germany.
Your Responsibility:
As Global IT Data Protection Coordinator you will be part of the IT Governance Team, being responsible for Data Protection relevant Processes, Compliance regulations and reporting in KION Group IT. You will take the responsibility for the implementation and control requirements of the KION Data Protection Officer in KION Group IT, having a significant contribution to the IT Services delivered.
You apply KION Group Data Protection regulations into IT processes, IT Services and daily IT operations
You assess processes and worldwide contracts with regard to data protection requirements and support the documentation of processing activities as well as other data protection-relevant aspects
You support the creation and development of a data protection mindset within the global KION Group IT employees community
You promote communication and awareness-raising activities related to data protection management within KION Group IT
You are responsible for organizing and conducting data protection audits within KION Group IT
You prepare and train employees of KION Group IT to meet data protection requirements
Your Skills and Expertise:
You have a Bachelor's/Master's/LLB/LLM degree in Information Law, Data Protection Law, IT Compliance, or alternatively, Computer Science with additional qualification in the field of data protection
3 years of working experience with data protection focus would be an advantage
You combine a good understanding of the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation, the German Federal Data Protection Act, and basic knowledge of other international data protection laws as well as good understanding of general IT services and systems (SAP, Workday, Cloud etc.)
You have analytical and problem-solving skills
You have the ability to plan, organize, and document multiple project activities
Your good communication skills at different management levels distinguish you
Fluency in English and German completes your profile
What we offer:
A company with a bright future: As a listed M-Dax company, we already employ more than 41,000 people in over 100 countries and are thus playing a key role in driving the future of intralogistics 
 Move on together: Standardized and documented feedback process with international career opportunities and individual development offers   
Vibrant community: Regular company events and professional workshop formats with opportunities for internal networking   
Individual benefits: State-of-the-art IT equipment & mobile devices, job bike, corporate benefits  
Our basics: Flexible working hours, part-time models, possibility of regular mobile working, attractive remuneration package, employer-funded company pension scheme, possibility of deferred compensation with employer subsidy 
Have we aroused your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.