Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Research Manager (Wireless Technology), WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Apple engineers have always focused on one person when they build software — the person who will use it. Working in our Software Group (SWE) you’ll see why every Apple product and service feels intuitive and simple, and why every aspect of this group’s work is built around a respect for the customer’s needs. Our Wireless Technology and Eco-Systems (WTE) group create amazing experiences through ground breaking advances in wireless technologies. The iPhone is already transforming the way users connect, share, and enjoy content. Now imagine a world beyond 5G - we're striving to reinvent what's possible and build a new generation of standards and solutions. Do you want to make an impact on this scale? Join our team and help inspire and mentor passionate researchers to solve difficult problems with the latest methods.
Your tasks
As a Research Manager/Leader at Apple you will influence the definition of next generation wireless systems/standards in terms of system concepts and network architecture. Your scope will include nurturing a team of researchers, defining new and innovative system level concepts including algorithm development, end-to-end simulations, building & prototyping your ideas, offering these ideas to industry forums, working collaboratively outside research groups and working with internal product teams.
You will also have the opportunity to define innovations and technical contributions in different areas of the cellular protocol (L2/L3+), network architecture. The chance to create an impact is tremendous! In addition, you will develop models of overall system and network performance and evaluate performance and critical metrics tradeoffs to optimize the architecture.
The team will be part of building intellectual property and participate in industry/academic research projects as well as contributing to future 3GPP study and work items. Knowledge of applied AIML frameworks highly desirable.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Recognised leader in the area of wireless communications research.
Expert in wireless (5G/5GA) communications.
Practical knowledge with International and European pre-standards and standards organizations for wireless systems such as ETSI, IEEE and 3GPP.
History of participation and leadership in European & National research and funding programs (e.g. Horizon Europe), proposal writing, strong networking connections to local players; both academic and industrial.
Strong track record in patent creation in wireless standards and publications in relevant conferences (e.g. ICC, GlobeCom, WCNC, PIMRC) or equivalent experience.
Ability to work autonomously and lead a team on complex research issues.
Constantly curious/passionate about new technologies and exploring new use cases.
Very good written and verbal communications and presentation skills.
Full professional fluency in written and spoken English.
Education and Experience
Advanced degrees in EEE, CS or similar. PhD qualification is certainly a plus but strong MSc candidates with accumulated academic or industrial experience will be considered equally.
Why us?
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products.
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €