Jobs by email
Klarna GmbH
Senior Software Engineer - JavaScript
BERLIN
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About Klarna
Since 2005 Klarna has been on a mission to revolutionize the retail banking industry. With over 150 million global active users and 2 million transactions per day, Klarna is meeting the changing demands of consumers by saving them time and money while helping them be informed and in control. Over 450,000 global retail partners, including H&M, Saks, Sephora, Macys, IKEA, Expedia Group, and Nike have integrated Klarna's innovative technology to deliver a seamless shopping experience online and in-store. Klarna has over 6,000 employees and is active in 45 markets.
On our path to becoming the world’s favorite way to shop, we’re assembling an unparalleled global talent network, accelerating individual careers, and disrupting entire industries. We are on a mission to liberate humanity from all the meaningless time spent managing their purchases and finances, so they can do more of what they love. We’re in search of global talent eager to embrace our atmosphere and defy their own expectations.
Engineering at Klarna is an inspired, customer focused community, dedicated to crafting solutions that redefine our industry. Working in small, highly collaborative Agile teams, you and your team will have a clear mission and ownership of an important outcome that supports Klarna and our customers. At Klarna we optimize for quality, flow, fast feedback, focussing on end-to-end ownership, continuous improvement, testing, monitoring and experimentation. We aim for teams that are inclusive, helpful, and have a strong sense of ownership for the things they build. Our engineers make some of the most significant decisions for the company and we are looking for bold, open and curious developers. Want to be part of the change? We're expanding several of our engineering teams, including; teams working on our core checkout product, payment services, fraud prevention, or improving our billing service and shipping credentials to name a few.
What you’ll get to do:
Own services end to end. Decide how best to build, test, deploy and monitor
Work with large scale, highly available and resilient modern financial systems
Be an integral part of a team, in addition to its culture and ways of working. Common practices include agile methodologies, pair and mob programming
Work with automated deployment enabling code release multiple times a day
Succeed, fail, and learn together with other talented people. We believe in an environment that provides an opportunity for growth and see education as an outcome of failure that gets us closer to the next breakthrough
Take ownership of system design, collaborate with domain architects, own end-to-end problems, manage stakeholder communication, and mentor junior engineers
Drive knowledge sharing through demos, presentations, and tutorials
Some of the technologies you’ll get to work with:
JavaScript/ TypeScript
React and React Native
Redux
Node.js and Express.js
AWS, Splunk, Ansible, Terraform, Jenkins, Docker and Kubernetes
To succeed in this role, we think you should have:
Strong coding ability in JavascriptExperience with advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks
Experience with APIs and product development
A passion for writing clean and testable code
Experience with Agile practices (Pairing, TDD, BDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery)Working proficiency in English
What we offer:
Diversity & Community: With our diversity of skills, perspectives and backgrounds, we can create, innovate, and disrupt like no other. Diversity is part of who we are, and essential to our success.
Ownership & Impact: Here, every voice matters. We’re organized into hundreds of small teams, each run like a start-up, focused on their own problem-space.
Trust & Collaboration: Successes and failures are won together at Klarna in a melting pot of teams. Win, lose, and learn, we’re on this path together.
If you love what you do, you should love where you do it. We appreciate that everyone’s different and has their own preferences of where and how to work. We genuinely believe in the power of regular face-to-face interactions in building close connections with our teams, but we also strongly believe people can work effectively remotely. This means that combining both is the key to success.
At Klarna, You can choose between working from the office, remotely within your employment country, or even outside of it for up to 20 working days per year. Flex it up!
Challenges & Rewards: We take a very Swedish approach to benefits. Support for parents, health and wellness perks—we’ve got you covered.
We understand some people might not feel they tick every box (ie coming from a non-JS background). But if you're excited about the prospect of joining Klarna and believe you can add value, we'd still love to hear from you.
How to apply: please send us your CV or LinkedIn profile in English.
Relocation: Unfortunately we do not offer relocation support for these roles but we would be happy to provide visa support when necessary.
It is our commitment that every qualified person will be evaluated according to skills regardless of age, gender, identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and age with the application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €