Jobs by email
Continental AG
Product Manager (m/f/d) REF20535L
Markdorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
In modern vehicles with their multitude of comfort and safety functions, electronic control units (ECUs) play a central role. In addition to the basic functions, significant
additional functions are increasingly being implemented, for example in the areas of communication and network functionality, comfort, safety, security, autonomous 
driving or electromobility. The trend is towards highperformance ECUs with multiple processors and modern software architectures.
As a Product Manager (m/f/diverse), you will be responsible for one Agile Release Train within the software development of our complex Body Control Modules (BCM) ECUs. You will lead the respective product owners (m/f/diverse).
The work will be done in interdisciplinary project teams in an international environment. In this context, compliance with the high quality requirements of automotive technology is a particular challenge.
Furthermore, you will be responsible for:
Support to develop and communicate the solution vision and roadmap
Responsible for the generation and prioritization of the program backlog 
Responsible for the definition of the acceptance criteria for each backlog item
Decide on priorities and schedules with customers and the product managers (m/f/diverse); based on this, maintaining the solution backlog and defining release dates and content
Support the Customer Center/Business Owner (m/f/diverse) to stay within the given R&D budget
Monitor the project KPIs and derive measures to improve
End to end function responsibility
Distribution of appropriate task packages, tracking and release of essential work products
Contact person for customers and internal project managers (m/f/diverse)
Presentation of work results to the customer and internal steering committees
Contribute to the further improvement of processes and methods; introduce and use modern methods of software engineering, especially agile methods and to automate processes
Qualifications
Academic Degree in the field of electrical engineering, computer engineering or comparable qualification
Several years of experience as a facilitator, value responsible, project manager, technical project manager or as a senior developer (m/f/diverse), ideally in an automotive environment
Several years of leadership experience (technical or disciplinary) and project management
Experience in working in an agile embedded software environment
Experience in the development of technical software, system software or embedded software
Experience with processes such as Vmodel, Automotive SPICE (ASPICE) or with Agile methods such as SCRUM or SAFe
Knowledge of related disciplines such as Systems Engineering, Safety or Security is desirable.
Fluent English and basic German language skills written and spoken
Willingness for occasional national or international travel (approx. 10%)
Strong communication skills and ability to work in a team
Goal orientation and agile mindset
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome. 
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits. 
Click here to find out more. 
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Dornierstrasse 1, 88677 Markdorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -