Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Junior Formal Verification Engineer
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Dynamic, smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here.
The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products powered by Apple Silicon. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it.
Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product and learn from the best Formal Verification team in the world and acquire experience being at the center of a System-on-a-chip (SoC) design verification effort collaborating with design. Are you passionate about changing the world? We have a critical impact on getting high quality functional products to millions of customers quickly and we are hiring all levels from junior to senior roles.
Ihre Aufgaben
As a formal verification engineer working the complete formal verification for single or multiple design blocks and IP’s (CPU, Cellular and Connectivity IP, Audio and Image Processing IP, Neural Networks IP, Memory/DMA Controller, Security IP, Peripheral IP, Interconnects, Power management subsystems, etc.), you will be responsible for:
Working with Apple Silicon's world-class SOC and IP design engineers to develop a formal micro-architecture specification.
Developing comprehensive formal verification test plan.
Proving properties of the design, finding design bugs, and working closely with design teams to help improve the micro-architecture.
Crafting novel and creative solutions for verifying complex design micro-architectures.
Developing and implementing re-usable and optimized formal models and verification code base.
Architecting correct-by-construction design methodologies for improved formal verification efficiency and productivity.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Required Qualifications
Interest in learning and becoming an expert in SoC/CPU/GPU/Cellular designs, VLSI, and digital logic design and verification techniques
Detail oriented mindset and desire to overcome challenges is required
Desirable Qualifications
Formal Method or Formal Verification technologies experience and abstraction techniques
Knowledge and experience in interpreting hardware specifications and using
Temporal logic assertion-based languages such as SVA or PSL
Experience in using EDA formal tools and tool development experience is a plus
Proficiency in any scripting language with excellent debugging skills
Extraordinary teammate with excellent interpersonal skills
Passionate about developing world-class/innovative formal verification solutions
Education and Experience
BS / MS / Ph.D in EE or CS is required.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €