Jobs by email
Tourlane GmbH
WORKING STUDENT IT SUPPORT (F/M/X)
Home Office or Berlin, Germany
Published: 5 days ago
Save
EMBRACE THE WORLD: HOP ON YOUR NEXT ADVENTURE WITH US!
We are a lively and diverse team, founded by our CEO Julian Weselek in 2016, currently active in the DACH region and France. Our ambition is to become the leading travel company for authentic, customized, multi-day trips while being mindful of our planet: we are the first travel company in the EU to set near-term carbon reduction targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi): this is an imperative step toward decarbonization. We are and always will be driving the change in the travel industry for a better tomorrow.
DESTINATION? THE WORLD!
We are discoverers. We are believers in the life-changing power of travel. On our journey we've built the amazing team that we have today - a team that sets the ambition to be remembered for building the future of travel, for consistently changing the norms of the industry and, simply, for staying true to our passion for bringing together the cultures of the world.
We are currently looking for a Working Student IT Support (f/m/x) to join our dynamic team. This is an exceptional opportunity for a student to gain hands-on experience in the field of IT while pursuing their education. The ideal candidate should have a genuine passion for technology, an eagerness to learn, and a drive to grow with the company. If you share our vision and possess a strong desire to make an impact, we welcome you to join us on this exciting journey.
What is the role about?
Assist with IT projects and initiatives
Provide technical support to users
Support in the onboarding and offboarding process
Monitor and maintain IT systems and networks
Participate in IT team meetings and discussions
What will you need to be successful?
Currently enrolled in an IT-related degree program
Basic knowledge of computer hardware and software systems
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment
YOU ARE THE WORLD
We value your participation in Tourlane's success and complement your cash compensation with a package of employee stock options (ESOP).
Flexible working setup: either remote or hybrid - get the most out of your working hours; and enjoy working abroad through our new program
Your wellbeing matters to us: we offer mindfulness classes to take care of your mental health, sessions with Nilo.health
We support all the diverse communities that make us Tourlane: join or create your own Employee Resource Group (ERG) and connect with Tourlaneans
Dog-friendly office: we can’t wait to meet your furry friend!
Sounds interesting? We are excited to get to know you!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Company pension
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Terrace
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.