Jobs by email
Hapag-Lloyd AG
Lead Instructor (m/f/d) Data & Analytics Academy
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
Food, machinery or T-shirts: Hapag-Lloyd moves goods around the globe with over 250 container ships. We connect more than 600 ports on all continents and are one of the largest liner shipping companies. More than 13,000 employees work on board, ashore or in one of our 350 offices. Together, we transport around 12 million containers per year. Our corporate values "We care. We move. We deliver" serve as coordinates on our way. They guide our collaboration with each other as colleagues and with our customers to achieve the best possible quality. In the long run, we are committed to climate and environmental protection as well as human rights and many other social issues.
What is the fastest way to route a shipment of pharmaceuticals from Daegu, Korea to Kumasi, Ghana?
What pricing strategy optimizes the utilization of our vessels in a world characterized by global trade imbalances?
How will the cherry season in Chile impact empty reefer container stocks in the Pacific Ocean?
In the exciting environment of global trade, questions like these drive our business. Answering them requires two things: data capabilities and business know-how. Over 175 years, Hapag-Lloyd no doubt has gained plenty of the latter. Now, we are looking for you to help us deliver the data capabilities we need for the coming decades. Get on board to decisively shape our new Data & Analytics Academy!
As Business Intelligence & Analytics team we know that data is the future; and that we need people with the right skills to unlock its full potential and turn Hapag-Lloyd into a data leader. Thus, every day we use our passion for data & people to support all Hapag-Lloyd’s employees in building a data driven mindset and developing the analytics capabilities they need. 
Our new Data & Analytics Academy plays an essential role in this context: With it’s programs and trainings we enable colleagues across the globe in all kinds of data & analytics topics. We work in small, cross-functional project teams from a diverse group of data scientists, visualization experts, and colleagues with in-depth knowledge about our business. Together, we prototype, build, and deliver capability building that unlocks the full potential of data as key driver for Hapag-Lloyd’s future!
Your responsibilities
You will apply your data science, advanced analytics, and business intelligence expertise to decisively shape our Data & Analytics Academy
Combine your technical expertise and your passion for people and learning by enabling colleagues from all parts of the organization to develop the data & analytics capabilities they need
As part of our team, you will design, develop and instruct modules and courses of Hapag-Lloyd’s Data & Analytics Academy by
Liaising with stakeholders to identify training needs across the business
Establishing the curriculum of data & analytics trainings and career paths
Actively planning and delivering data & analytics training modules
Providing academic support and guidance to (prospective) trainees as mentor
You will also dive into the data yourself to implement first uses cases and support your colleagues in using our state-of-the-art tools (e. g. DataBricks, Qlik Sense, alteryx) and
Additionally, connect our growing global analytics community through hands-on labs, best practice sessions, and online events and
Stay on top of the newest technologies by constantly challenging the status quo and promoting state-of-the art analytics tools within Hapag-Lloyd
Your profile
To be successful in this role, you should:
Have a solid educational background in either business intelligence, data science, advanced analytics or a related quantitative field (alternatively: equivalent practical experience)
You optimally have experience with using a BI and data science technology stack (e.g. QlikSense, Tableau, AWS, DataBricks, Alteryx)
Ideally, you already have relevant practical experience in transferring knowledge and fostering competences building in a professional setting
You should be excited about working with people, transferring knowledge, developing skills, and changing behaviors
Feel comfortable in an instructor role delivering trainings and courses on basic to advanced data & analytics topics across organizational boundaries and professional functions
You should be interest in taking responsibility for individual deliverables of the Data & Analytics Academy and develop them further
Have an interest to support individuals from across the organization along their learning journey by enabling them to solve their data & analytics questions with your guidance
Be creative and entrepreneurial in shaping and extending our Data & Analytics Academy portfolio according to future business needs
You should further have excellent command of spoken and written English and feel at home working in international and interdisciplinary teams
Be motivated to apply your passion for data & analytics within the world of global logistics to build a strong community and an excellent competence building portfolio 
 We offer
A trust-based and appreciative corporate culture and numerous opportunities for professional and personal development
The opportunity to introduce solutions that you are individually convinced of, and to constantly take on fresh challenges with a great level of responsibility
Excellent career development opportunities, supported by a spacious range of training and development courses
Competitive remuneration (13 salaries + vacation pay) and social benefits, as well as a permanent employment contract with a financially healthy company
A minimum of 28 days of vacation, flextime, capital-forming benefits, company pension plan
Company restaurant with constant varying, high-quality dishes to choose from as well as coffee bar
Dynamic and modern working atmosphere in a newly renovated, modern office in the heart of Hamburg’s city center
Hybrid work model: 3 days a week at our headquarters in the heart of Hamburg and 2 days a week of mobile work
Health and company sports programs (e.g. yoga, sailing, company doctor, etc.) as well as bicycle leasing
 Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Hapag-Lloyd AG
Ballindamm, 20095 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates