                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior E-Commerce Tech & Shop Manager 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
Company profile
Current openings
SK
EN
Senior E-Commerce Tech & Shop Manager
                                Place of work
                            Grösslingová, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
                                Start date
                            Upon Agreement
                                Wage (gross)
2 300 EUR/monthDepends on experience.
Information about the position What will you be in charge of? Together with our sales and marketing team, you guarantee the smooth implementation of marketing campaigns in our online shops. You analyse our onsite processes and workflows and automate them continuously. You take our online shops to the next level: You analyse the user journey of our online shoppers across all our brands under conversion rate aspects. In collaboration with our stakeholders in sales, marketing and customer service, you define and test new functionalities through tool enhancements and A/B tests. What benefits do we offer? Teambuildings – Meet your colleagues in informal setting like Family day and let yourself loose during our Christmas and Summer parties. One thing we can assure you of is that in BBG we know how to party. Coffee bar – Help yourself to sweets and fresh fruit, sparkling water, tea or coffee to the heart’s content. Employee discounts – Save 30% on anything from our brands (like Klarstein or Capital Sports). Kitchen appliances, top-notch sound systems, garden furniture ... you will surely choose something from 2500 products we have on offer. Multisport card – Free access to hundreds of sport centres, wellness centres, gyms or classes (yoga, dance, etc.) all around the country. Almost completely paid for by us. Bonuses for special occasions – We realize, that work is only a part of your life, and will support you on your personal journey as well. And thus, will give you a special bonus on occasions like anniversaries, getting married, etc. Sick days – On top of an annual leave, you have a few paid sick days you can use to recover. Slovnaft BAjk – If you want to commute by bicycle, we will chip in on your Slovnaft BAjk subscription (bike sharing in Bratislava). A wide range of courses – Increase your professional expertise, get hang of people skills or anything else that will help your professional (and personal) life. Courses, books or online library is on your fingertips. English/German/Slovak lessons – Learn new language or step up your game on one of the professional courses. You can join a lessons with a professional lector online from anywhere! We offer also place you can leave your bike and after that you can chill in our chill zone, or just took a massage from our massage chair. And we expect you to... You have an educationSecondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)You speak foreign languagesEnglish - Advanced (C1)Other knowledgeHTML - AdvancedCSS - AdvancedJavaScript - AdvancedSQL - AdvancedExperience in the position/sectorBusiness administration, information technology, mathematics or natural sciencesAnd you will fit in with us because you have these qualities You have successfully completed your studies or training in one of the following areas: Business administration, information technology, mathematics or natural sciences. You have relevant work experience in a comparable position with similar responsibilities, ideally with the shop system. Ideally you have already managed individual employees. You have advanced knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and SQL. You speak fluent English. You have a proven track record in scaling eCommerce and online marketing activities. You convince with analytical thinking, your structured way of working and conceptual way of thinking. You have a great affinity for eCommerce and have the goal of further expanding your expert status in this area. Advertiser Brief description of the companyBerlin Brands Group (BBG) has been designing, producing, and selling products in the areas of kitchen appliances, garden & living, sports and consumer electronics since 2005 and is now one of Europe’s largest digital companies. We love brands and products!Who we are:BBG creates, builds, buys, and scales consumer brands globally. Within the last 16 years we have created and built 14 own e-commerce brands in the areas of kitchen appliances, garden & living, sports and consumer electronics. Our largest and best-known brands are Klarstein, auna, blumfeldt and Capital Sports.Since 2020, we have been buying e-commerce brands and scaling them globally through our more than 100 sales channels. By the end of 2021, we have acquired more than 40 brands and integrated them into our product portfolio.Our passion for good products is reflected by the over 4,800 items we bring to our customers in 28 countries via the D2C (Direct-to-Consumer) model.Our headquarter is in Berlin, however our more than 1000 employees work in many locations around the globe - from Europe, UK, USA, to Asia.We have big plans and reinvesting in world-class logistics and fulfilment, innovative digital marketing, e-commerce, marketplace development and other sales channels. To fuel this growth, we are looking for talented and motivated colleagues like you to join us in shaping the DNA of BBG. Number of employees200-249 employees ContactContact person: Mária KubíkováE-mail: send CV I am interested
Berlin Brands Group, a.s. Grosslingova 6-8 81109 Bratislava, Slovakia
ID: 4443347 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  22.2.2023 
    2023-02-22
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: E-Commerce Specialist, Expert Shop Assistant, Frontend developer, IT System Administrator, Online shop administrator   Spoločnosť: Berlin Brands Group a.s.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 300 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
