                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceTechnical Expert for Databricks (all genders) #python #scala 
           We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle. 
Technical Expert for Databricks (all genders) #python #scala
Location: Bratislava
Working-Hours: Full-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            With top notch technology, we drive the realization offers the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times, and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region. 
We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.
Erste Digital is working on a harmonized Data Science workbench- and collaboration platform across all entities of the group on the databricks cloud environment. We are running currently an implementation project that should cover Target Architecture, Platform implementation, Governance Model, Data Integration and Rollout & Training.
To support us in this challenging project we are looking for a databricks Technical Expert. In this position you will:
work on the technical integration of databricks to our environment based technical requirements and design and architecture patterns
evaluate and propose the technical feasable solutions for enabling data analytics within databricks on GCP cloud environment
manage all technical operation activities
solve raised problems within the team and the vendors
You check these boxes:
Experience working with Big data analytics platforms and tools on a deep technical level and with cloud infrastructure components
Very good knowledge of Python and/or Scala
Expertise in implementing end-to-end Monitoring and Alerting solutions to deliver high quality and fast services
Good communication skills (also in English) and capacity to interact directly with analysts and other business clients
Why you will like us:
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste 
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Culinary delights – Healthy nutrition and good food are important for our quality of life. Whether lunch, breakfast or snacks – everything is within reach. As an employee, you receive a meal allowance per day. 
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and office time
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
Language courses for German & English – Learning a new language unites
Visa Sponsoring – We support our employees with all the formalities associated with a relocation to Slovakia and also advise them on choosing a suitable residential area
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2800€ gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
The way we are
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin. 
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4521500 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  16.2.2023 
    2023-02-16
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Database Analyst, IT Analyst, IT/Technical Support Specialist, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
