                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior C++ Engineer with Python (IRC171232)  Можливість для людей з України
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukySenior C++ Engineer with Python (IRC171232)GlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 800 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesGlobalLogic is inviting an experienced Senior C++ Engineer with Python to join our engineering team.
Zenseact’s purpose is to make safe and intelligent mobility real, for everyone, everywhere. We develop the complete software stack for ADAS and AD, from sensing to actuation. Our focus is to build a single cutting-edge software platform to serve various levels of autonomy and offer unequaled scalability at the same time. The head office is in Gothenburg, Sweden. Zenseact’s first self-driving deployment will be launched on the next-generation vehicle platform from Volvo Cars.
Self-driving cars, when real, is estimated to reduce fatal car accidents by more than 85%, saving more than 50,000 persons from dying in car accidents caused by human errors each year. We feel that is a goal worth pursuing.
But technology, software, tools, and datasets would not mean much without the best people behind the wheel to drive them. At Zenseact, some five hundred of the best engineering minds globally, stationed across two continents, are collaborating with the same passion: to bring autonomous driving to the streets for real and create a safer journey for everyone. This is part of our culture and how we work, develop and grow together. 
Apart from your skillset, your mindset will take you even further. With a genuine team-playing attitude and a high feeling of responsibility and thoroughness, you will quickly thrive and grow in your role. We have space for your ambition to mentor others by sharing your knowledge in software craftsmanship.
We strive for a T-shaped competence profile for all team members, so every member must be open to working on all topics relevant to the team while still fostering their special expertise.
Requirements:
- C/C++
- Python
- SQL
- Working in a Linux environment
- Git
- Upper-intermediate English
Nice to have:
- Data engineering/science experience
- Eperience with automotive projects
- Docker
- Bazel
Preferences:
- Docker, Automotive, Databases
Responsibilities:
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer who will be a part of high-performing team working on the delivering of the adaptive high beam control feature to the production vehicle. This includes integration, KPI evaluations, visualisation, verification, etc. a a a visualization Employee perks, benefitsWhat Do We Offer?
Our special Benefits Kit ensures you feel healthy, happy, and comfortable. We provide our employees with private medical care, sports facilities cards, group life insurance, travel insurance, relocation package, food subsidies, and cultural activities.
Keep the balance. Work-life balance!
You will have the opportunity to choose where you want to work – at a comfortable office or at home. We will help you to ensure your work-life balance.
Relocation Program 
We encourage you to discover a brand-new experience. GlobalLogic's offices in EMEA regions will meet you with maximum hospitality and the same corporate culture, processes, and possibilities.
Learning and professional growth! 
You’ll collaborate with — and learn from — award-winning designers and engineers through customer projects, hackathons, meetups, and more. Listen to the top speakers or be one of them — it’s up to you! 
Create more than just a code. Make an impact beyond the code! 
In today's world, software engineers create a better future for people and the planet. GlobalLogic’s experts are contributing to this world right now in various projects: from automotive to healthcare!
Sustainability and Social Responsibility
We positively impact our communities by supporting education and the environment, and by developing women in tech, and the arts. For example, learn more about our EcoHike — a special app that makes the world cleaner https://www.globallogic.com/ua/key-projects/ecohike/! Not only our engineers, but tourists, eco-activists, and hiking fans are using it regularly to keep our nature clean and vital.
Technology first!
Realize all your ideas within our internal tech clubs and groups. Feel free to find new friends, boost your skills, and grow professionally! Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeC/C++ - AdvancedPython - SkillfulSQL - SkillfulGIT - SkillfulExperience in the position/sector3-5 Advertiser Brief description of the companyGlobalLogic is a leader in digital product engineering services. We help our clients design and build innovative products, platforms and tools, and thus improve the customer digital experience in the modern world. By offering integrated solutions and combining strategic design, complex engineering, and vertical industry expertise, we help our clients imagine what’s possible and accelerate their transition into tomorrow’s digital business.
GlobalLogic headquarters in Slovakia is located in Kosice and the company also operates in Zilina and Banska Bystrica. In 2023 we plan to expand to Bratislava as another Slovak location.
The Kosice delivery center was established in June 2014. With almost 300 employees in Kosice, we work on many projects in healthcare, mobile embedded systems, telco-media, automotive and location based systems for the world’s leading companies. What makes us unique is our strong design team that gives GL a powerful competitive advantage as an IT company in the Kosice region. Kosice technical stack includes , Node.js, Embedded Linux, C++, C#, .NET, SpecFlow, React, Redux, Drupal, PHP, Symfony, GO, Python, MVC, MSSQL, AWS, iOS, Android, Win Mobile, GSM, 2G, 3G, 4G, LTE...
Zilina and Banska Bystrica delivery centers joined the GlobalLogic family in January 2016 through the biggest acquisition in the GlobalLogic history. 100+ employees work on mobile development, embedded systems, automotive and telecommunications projects for the leading companies worldwide. Zilina technical stack comprises Embedded Linux, C, C++, Qt Embedded, , NDS, LUA, GPS, IoT, M2M, Yocto, CAN, Google Tests, BitBake...
https://www.globallogic.com/sk/what-we-do-services/
GlobalLogic in Slovakia boasts talented engineers, low attrition levels, and an experienced senior management team. Artificial intelligence, future medicine and face recognition - GlobalLogic covers all these innovative technologies. What is more, they allow us to be proud of our unique machine learning projects. The delivery centers are certified in Agile Scrum methodologies and specialize in software design, architecture, and quality assurance services. GlobalLogic in Slovakia is also very active in the local IT community and is a member of two IT clusters: Kosice IT Valley and IT Cluster in Zilina.
See our career opportunities and join the GlobalLogic family today!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkXXPa_K85I Number of employees250-499 employees 
ID: 4521077 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  15.2.2023 
    2023-02-15
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: C++ Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: GlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
