                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceRPA Developer - (Junior-Senior, Bratislava & remote) 
RPA Developer - (Junior-Senior, Bratislava & remote)ECTIVE s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava
Contract type
full-time, part-time, agreement-based (Temporary jobs), trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesThanks to our great people on board and strong standards in Intelligent Automation demand on Ective services is growing. That's why we are looking for YOU!
Join the team and learn how large RPA projects are being delivered.
Depending on your skill level you will:
— Develop reusable automation components
— Develop complex integrations
— Test, deploy and monitor developed solutions
— Cooperate with other team members in delivering RPA solutions
— Analyze client’s processes and support in selecting potential for automation ones
— Work on documentation
— Lead teams (applicable to senior)
— Work hard, when needed and enjoy relaxing times, when job is done. Employee perks, benefitsLevels:
All mentioned below salaries are a minimum possible salaries on mentioned position. With possibility to grow to next level as soon as fulfill internal requirements and there is a demand on role. There is no boring time boundaries saying that you must work minimum 6 / 12 months to be promoted... Not in our company. Be good, prove it and get it!
--------------------Zero to hero (800+ EUR)--------------------
Fresh graduate in IT
or no IT education, but completed some IT training / certifications
or consider yourself as self-study guru with good knowledge in one of above mentioned languages
--------------------Junior (1500+ EUR)--------------------
Have at least 1 year experience in programming + some RPA experience
Have analytical thinking and consider yourself as problem-solving guru
Willing to study. A lot!
--------------------Middle (2000+ EUR):
Have at least 1 year experience in RPA
Participated delivery on client site (not only internal projects)
Able to read PDD & SDD
Have RPA certification
Can also deliver not only talk about RPA
Willing to grow to senior level
--------------------Senior (2500+ EUR)
Have at least 2 year experience in RPA
Delivered end to end process automation
Able to read and write PDD & SDD
Able to explain terms “Scalability”, “Reusability”, “Orchestration” and other to 3 year old child, with making sure, they understood
Leading experience is advantage
SPEAKING OF BENEFITS
We are open minded flexible company and common benefits are:
NON FINANCIAL
- Amazing team. We are supportive and enjoy work with each other
- Diversity. Being 35 people company we host under our roof people from 10 countries over 3 continents.
- Parties & team activities. Every week we have team lunch paid by the company. We organize few bigger team-buildings and several smaller ones during a year.
- We have all necessary snacks in office
- You are to decide your working schedule
- We are located in city center (Michalska 9), so you can solve all your existence problems during lunch
- You can work from home even when everyone forget about COVID
FINANCIAL
— We pay salary in money :) (not food, stones or salt)
— Quarterly financial bonus (equivalent of at least 1 additional salary a year)
— Learning budget
— Possibility to try 4 days working week (after trial)
— Sport bonus Information about the selection processPLEASE POPULATE THE APPLICATION FORM: https://forms.gle/3jvV62KhsyEC2n888 Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionPrimary education
Secondary school student
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeUiPath - BasicVisual Basic for Applications (VBA) - BasicMicrosoft Excel - ExpertVB.Net - BasicExperience in the position/sector1Number of years of experience1The position is suitable for a fresh graduateYesPersonality requirements and skills— Have knowledge about RPA
— Experience in programming in one of following languages C / C+ / C++ / C# / Java / VB.Net / VBA / JavaScript
— For fresh graduates —> Have education in IT
— Confident in working with MS Office (Excel, Word etc.). Knowledge of VBA is an advantage
— Have willing to learn new technologies
— Speak & write English (upper-intermediate and above). Other languages is an advantage
— Have analytical thinking
— Like to solve problems
— Willing to work in open minded atmosphere
WHATEVER YOU MISS FROM THE LIST, WE TEACH YOU, NO WORRIES :) Advertiser Brief description of the companyEctive is a company lead by UiPath MVP (Most Valuable Professional) Eduard Shlepetskyy headquartered in Bratislava, Slovakia and branches in Ukraine, Philippines and United Kingdom.
We focus on delivering End-to-End large scale intelligent automation project.
Every Ective member is getting onboarded on latest technologies and best practices before facing the client. In the team besides the support in your role you also get dedicated time for your projects and learning.
Join the right side :)
P.S.: We are not corporate, we are fast, agile, active company. Join us and enjoy every day of your work or we return money back :) ContactContact person: Eduard ShlepetskyyE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4520570 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  15.2.2023 
    2023-02-15
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, C# Programmer, Programmer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: ECTIVE s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
