                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJunior Nuclear Verification & Validation /Test Engineer 
Framatome Controls s. r. o. – a wholly-owned subsidiary of Framatome S.A.S. – is providing engineering services, system solutions, projects, software support and related services for nuclear power plants all over the world. The company focuses mainly on software and hardware designs for automation technology, electrical systems design and support activities by commissioning of nuclear components and devices.About 60 employees of Framatome Controls s. r. o. in Bratislava are part of 14,000 Framatome´s employees family worldwide. Every day Framatome´s expertise helps its customers improve the safety and performance of their nuclear plants and achieve their economic and societal goals.
For our site in Bratislava we are looking for:
Junior Nuclear Verification & Validation /Test Engineer
Your role
Framatome Controls s. r. o. is continuing to develop and grow and will hire a further 20 people at its Bratislava site in 2023.In your role as Verification & Validation (V&V) Engineer Junior, you will be a member of the local V&V team as a part of an international V&V team. Our V&V section is in charge of verification and validation of software and hardware of safety automation systems used on nuclear power plant. Our role is to check the technical correctness, completeness and consistency of design deliverables according to regulations required for nuclear power plants worldwide.As a V&V Engineer, you will have a project abroad assigned to you.In collaboration with an international small team, your missions will be the participation on: preparation of test procedures development of test automation software and automatic test scripts performance of test simulations (using software tools and simulators), test performance on Test Bay or during Commissioning Phase on the power plant analysis and presentation of test results (by written form) contribution to design reviewsThis position is  also suitable for fresh graduate candidates, or someone with short professional experience
Your profile
 University degree in Technical Engineering (Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics or Mechanical Engineering) Basic experience in Linux and usage of command line Basic experience with programming (e. g. C/C++, Python) Professional experience in the field of software testing, safety related system or any kind of simulation is an advantage Ability to communicate in English - mainly in written form. Slovak is not mandatory. Experience with elaboration of technical documents in English is an advantage Analytical mind: ability to identify, describe and resolve the problems as well as to report the results independently Ability to learn by yourself supported by a know-how transfer, curiosity Technical rigorousness and focus on details Desire to be invested sustainably and to grow professionally Willingness to travel (upon personal preferences)
We’re looking forward to receiving your application.
We offer:
                    Joining Framatome Controls s.r.o. means... The opportunity to work on exciting projects, Being part of a dynamic team, in a global and market-leading company, Having access to a wide range of professional and personal development opportunities: we will offer you on-the-job training and  you will be accompanied by your manager and your team to develop your competencies. You will also have the possibility to develop specific skills by going on business trips to Germany or France or by going on expatriation within a power plant. You will also receive a language training allowance (English, French or German language).Financial rewards: Basic wage: starting from 1500 EUR gross/month* 13th month’s salary Yearly salary review Annual performance bonus Meal vouchers fully paid by the company You can benefit from a bonus for successful referral of new employee Business trips fully paid by the company, with larger mobility aidAnd because the well-being at work of our collaborators is essential for us: We will give you recognition for your work, We will take care of your work-life balance by offering flexible working time (freedom to choose when to start and end your work, between 6 AM and 8 PM, by respecting core hours from 9 AM to 3 PM) Possibility to work from home up to 3 days per week We also organize social programs: teambuilding, Christmas party... Free parking slots nearby (we are also accessible by tram line 4 - 25 minutes from Bratislava city center)*We are required by law to disclose basic wage component (minimum salary) for the advertised positions. We carefully consider your professional qualifications and experience in our compensation package and/or when offering you other positions. The above mentioned basic wage is defined for candidates with junior experiences.Our goal is to pay our employee's fairly, with regard to the market situation and we are ready to welcome high-quality candidates in our team.
Please send your CV in English  or questions about this position to Mathilde FRAYSSE
                E-mail: [email protected], Framatome Controls s. r. o., Vajnorská 137, 831 04 Bratislava
www.framatome.com
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4064933 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  1.3.2023 
    2023-03-01
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: C++ Programmer, Design Engineer, IC Design Engineer, IT Tester, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Framatome Controls s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
