                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceService Management Analyst  Можливість для людей з України
We harness the power of tech to increase sustainability.
How do you want to use technology?
 Service Management Analyst
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            full-time
POSITIONDESCRIPTIONWe are looking for highly motivated individuals to work in this expanding environment. The successful candidate will form part of a core team accountable for the successful customization, rollout and maintenance of the Client ServiceNow platform. Delivering and establishing projects related implementation and innovation for multiple clients, ensuring high quality standards and following best practices.Accenture is expert in Intelligent Cloud & Infrastructure (IC&I) Services, collaborating seamlessly across our Global Advanced Technology Centers. IC&I Advanced Technology Center in Bratislava is delivering the complete Lifecycle of Analysis, Design, Build and Run for IC&I Services and Service Management excellence. We engage and position ourselves for growth in emerging Technologies, Cloud, intelligent Automation and Artificial Intelligence. Accenture is ServiceNow’s largest professional services partner with over 5.500+ resources, and over 5000+ ServiceNow certifications and accreditations. WHAT WILLYOU DOAccenture Infrastructure & Cloud Operations (ICO) provides a broad range of information technology enterprise solutions and customizable products to the largest companies in the world. Accenture ICO customers include telecommunications providers, utilities companies, financial institutions, healthcare, and consumer goods suppliers. We specialize in Digital, Cloud and Security services by employing as modern DevOps and Agile methodology, so well-proven classic delivery and automation.Accenture values work-life balance and recognizes the need for flexibility. We offer a wide range market-relevant training programs and certification paths to help you manage the demands of your career growth. With us, you will have the possibility to learn from the best IT experts on the market, work in a culturally diverse, international environment and specialize in top-leading technologies.Key Responsibilities•	Familiar with ServiceNow, IT Service Management, IT Operating Model (ITOM)•	Familiar with BMC Remedy to receive and document CHG/INC and for ticket handling for client.•	Experience of using ITIL processes. Ensure request, incident, problem, Knowledge articles, and change records are accurate and complete, from creation to closure.•	Monitor systems and trends, prevent occurrences of incidents, problems, and errors, and improve overall performance.•	Facilitate major incident conference bridges, accurately identifying and logging attendees, timelines and troubleshooting steps taken.•	Establish and maintain relationships with client, technical domains, Service Delivery Managers, and global Service Management representatives WHAT WEEXPECT•	Minimum of 2 years’ experience working in an IT service environment within a complex and diverse organization.•	Have 1-2 years of general knowledge of IT surrounding technologies. Certificate for any of the platform or methodology is a plus.•	Good knowledge of IT Service Management knowledge (ITIL v3 or ITIL4 Foundation certifications a plus)•	Have good verbal communication skills in both technical and non-technical communications. German language is a must.•	Have good analytical mindset for problem solving under stress and time pressure.•	Communicative and social skills, ability to work in a team WHAT WEOFFERSalary1 800 - 2 600 EUR/monthAccenture offers a competitive compensation package. As required by the Slovak law we hereby state, that the legal monthly minimum gross base pay ranges from 1 800 € to 2 600 € depending on your professional and personal qualifications in the required areas.Recognition: • Guaranteed paid overtime or overtime vacation• German language bonus up to 400€ monthly/gross depending on language proficiency and level of seniority• Flexible Benefit System - budget to be spent on services of your choice• Competitive bonus structure• Refer-a-Friend – get a bonus in the employee referral program• Loyalty rewardsFlexibility: • Flexible working arrangements (time & place of work)Future: • Wide range of trainings and expert lectures• Regular performance review and career growth possibilities• Ongoing career guidance and mentoring (Global Mentoring Program, Lean In)• Employee share purchase planFamily & Health: • 3 extra days off• Sick leave salary compensation (up to 100%)• Home-office equipment• Family oriented benefits (Wedding, Parental and Baby days-off and bonuses)• Employee assistance services (professional psychological, financial and legal help)• Multisport card Interested?Apply for this job
Similar career opportunities at Accenture
Experienced DevOps EngineerExperienced ServiceNow Consultant / Developer (permanent home office possible)Data Security EngineerInfrastructure Security Engineer Infrastructure Security Senior Engineer Infrastructure Automation Engineer Medior Azure Data Engineer Experienced ServiceNow Consultant / Developer (permanent home office possible)
                            © 2020 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4502991 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  7.3.2023 
    2023-03-07
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Analyst, IT Consultant, IT System Administrator, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Accenture, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
