                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceFull-Stack Developer for Cloud IOT applications 
Full-Stack Developer for Cloud IOT applicationsFREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Karadžičova 8, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 2 700 EUR/monthMinimum 2700 EUR brutto + bonuses. Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of selected candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWould you like to create exciting technology and work with other enthusiastic developers in an international environment?Bratislava-based FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com), specialized in mission-critical communication and IT solutions, e.g. in air traffic control, public safety or defense.Join our Mission Embedded team and help us make our solutions even more reliable.  Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.Who We Are Looking For:We are looking for developers of all levels passionate about software development. We believe a strong foundation of data structures, algorithms, and design patterns is important. Our product line covers many diverse development areas such as distributed service-oriented architectures, low-latency telecommunications processing, HTML5-driven real time web applications, large-scale data caching and storage, and high availability. Each of these areas in a mission critical environment contains their own unique and difficult problems to solve. As such, a strong technical foundation coupled with the dedication, honesty and desire to learn, grow, and solve problems would make for a strong addition to our team.The right fit for our team:If you wish to apply your experience and enthusiasm to the development of innovative solutions, to make a difference at a diverse and exciting job, and accompany your product from conception and development, all the way through to the deployment,then the Mission Embedded team is for you!We develop highly reliable systems for professional applications in the fields of transportation, industry, air traffic control, and medical technology.Your Main Responsibilities:•	You design and develop front-end and back-end solutions for cloudbased IoT applications in safety-critical environments.•	You integrate frameworks and solution building blocks for video presentation and audio communication.•	You design and develop new features for cutting-edge web-based user interfaces for control center applications.•	With your expertise and solution-oriented mindset you support both our project managers and our customers.•	You feel at home in an agile environment/team.Your skills and qualifications:•	Completed technical education in the field of computer science (HTL, FH, university, etc.)•	Several years of experience in full-stack development•	Structured work ethic, from conceptualization to successful implementation•	Experience with state-of-the-art web technologies (Java, SpringBoot, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS, Websockets, etc.)•	Experience with at least one relevant framework such as Angular, React, or Vue.•	Experience with the development of responsive user interfaces•	Experience with user interface design preferred•	Experience with GUI test automation frameworks preferred•	Experience with cloud infrastructures (Azure, Amazon, Google, etc.) preferredWe offer you:•	The opportunity to participate in shaping innovations and projects with your knowledge and skills from the very beginning•	Exciting projects and challenges with innovative software systems that help save lives•	Teamwork in a highly motivated, multidisciplinary team of experts•	Promotion of your personal and professional development•	An attractive salary and additional benefits. Employee perks, benefits•	Training and development program (business and product trainings, budget 500 EUR for an individual language course)•	Flexible working hours, home office•	Employee Referral Program•	Refreshments, company & team events (breakfasts, Christmas party & presents, teambuildings)•	Meal vouchers fully reimbursed by the company. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Educational SpecializationInformation TechnologyLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills•	You are flexible, self-driven, dedicated, goal-oriented and structured in how you approach your work.•	You like to work in a well-structured development environment, which aims to fulfil the highest standards regarding quality and safety.•	You can independently design and develop software modules.•	You are communicative and like to meet with new people, collaborate and find agreements with your senior colleagues.•	You can integrate yourself into a larger cooperation, follow corporate processes and recognize constraints that may affect your work.•	You are proficient in spoken and written English. Knowledge of German or other European languages is an advantage.•	You are willing to occasionally travel to Vienna. Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian group FREQUENIS AG (www.frequentis.com), specialized in safety-critical voice communications, for example for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics. 
In the last couple of years this business has evolved from hardware- to software-centric solutions and Frequentis has also increasingly provided mission-critical IT solutions beyond voice communication to our customers. We follow the Scrum methodology and our applications are mostly developed in Java to the highest quality standards. 
From an engineering perspective we deploy state-of-the-art technologies and design patterns. Our solutions use JAVA and Microsoft .NET foundations, distributed architectures, low-latency telecommunications processing, real time web applications, integration platforms and high availability. Each of our solutions contains their own unique and challenging problems to solve.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our products thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our product. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place! Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Eva LajchováE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4019411 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  13.2.2023 
    2023-02-13
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Backend developer, Frontend developer, Java Programmer, Javascript Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 700 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
