                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Scientific Programmer C++  Можливість для людей з України
Senior Scientific Programmer C++Solargis s. r. o.
Place of work
Bottova 2a, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Start date
as soon as possible
Wage (gross)
2 600 EUR/monthsalary can be higher, depending on the working experience
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties•	Develop and optimize simulation algorithms for photovoltaic power plants all around the world•	Implement optical and electrical simulation methods, perform optimizations to speed up computations and improve overall performance•	Collaborate with the team to identify and solve problems related to simulation and optimization•	Continuously research and experiment with new methods and technologies to improve performance and accuracy•	Document and maintain accurate and detailed code and results for future referenceThat sounds interesting for you? Great! We are looking forward to receiving your application! Employee perks, benefits•	Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses•	Flexible working hours and possibility of home office•	Sick days•	Technical growth encouraged via opportunity to participate at conferences, workshops, and courses•	Personal growth opportunities, possibility to work on different projects•	Budget for personal development (seminars, conferences, technical courses, language courses)•	Modern office located in Sky Park Offices, Bratislava, in which you can find chill areas, workout area and standing desks•	Free refreshments and fruit•	Parking in the company parking lots•	Green transportation friendly environment - bike parking lots (in building), showers (in the office), bike lanes in Sky Park proximity, EV charging stations (in building)•	Multicultural and international environment, every team member speaks English•	Work in fast growing sector of renewable energy Information about the selection processCandidate should have an EU citizenship or a valid residence permit in Slovakia. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills•	Bachelor's, Master's or Doctoral degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field•	Strong knowledge and experience in C++ programming language (we are working in modern C++17) with a minimum of 5 years of experience•	Experience with CMake, WebAssembly, Python or node.js / TypeScript would be a plus•	Experience in NVIDIA CUDA, scientific and physics computation or 3D computer graphics would be an advantage•	Familiarity with photovoltaic power plants and energy systems is a plus•	Strong analytical and problem-solving skills•	Ability to work independently and in a team environment•	Excellent communication and collaboration skills•	Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and manage priorities•	English at professional working level Advertiser Brief description of the companySolargis is a technology and consultancy company servicing companies involved in the development and operation of solar power plants. We provide meteorological data, energy evaluation software and technical consultancy primarily related to evaluation and management of solar power production.
Thanks to 22 years of focused research and technology developed in-house, we have become a leader in the field. We work for medium and large energy organizations from 100 countries, helping them make qualified financial decisions, improve technical design, and optimize operations. Our data products and services have become an essential part of project development of solar power plants. We also provide services for performance evaluation, monitoring and forecasting of solar power.
We are a group of geoscientists, meteorologists, engineers, programmers, data scientists, analysts and business developers focused on building and promoting a solar energy assessment platform that helps the solar power industry minimize weather-related risk and improve performance efficiency.
In our team, every member brings unique skills and expertise. We look for talented, resourceful, innovative, passionate, and friendly individuals to join our team. We offer a career that is challenging, but enjoyable, and rewarding. We will be looking forward to integrating you in our team. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Magdaléna MilováTel.: +421918720347E-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4515832 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  8.3.2023 
    2023-03-08
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: C++ Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Solargis s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 600 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
