                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceAndroid Developer (all genders) 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
           Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
Android Developer (all genders)
Location: Bratislava
Working-Hours: Full-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle. With top notch technology, we drive the realization offers the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times, and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region. We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.
We are Erste Digital. We are #digitaltotheheart
What to do:
Banking has a name. And we create it.
For 9 million customers across Europe, George stands for a digital banking experience that combines design and technology on an open platform. At Erste Digital, we strive for everyone. We achieve this by empowering people to understand, manage and, last but not least, enjoy one of their most personal things: their money.
Join us in our agile environment and make banking simple, intelligent and personal again!
Others may see you as just a Developer, but we see you as an architect of elegant, maintainable code that translates to a beautiful user experience. As our Android Developer (all genders), you will implement new features for the George banking platform, and when needed, change and extend existing features with refactoring. Your role is center-stage to the overall delivery process, assisting business analysts in specking new features, and working hand-in-hand with the design team to help create the best possible user experience. You live by the mantra, clean code is king, and developing top-quality mobile apps is in your DNA.
We like you because:
You assist business analysts in shaping new features
You see the poetry in clean, perfect code as you look to improve what is existing
Of experience with Android Architecture Components, Kotlin Coroutines and Jetpack Compose
Of being open-minded, dedicated and passionate about what you do
You respect the challenges that others deal with, while strive to help the team reach its goals and potential
Of having the nature to stand the heat, noise and criticism without losing your smile
Of expressing your values and opinions and articulating them in fluent English
You check these boxes:
Several years of experience in Android development within a dynamic Agile environment
A healthy knowledge of Kotlin
An expertise of Rest API, and source-code management using Git
Profound refactoring skills and working with legacy code
Why you will like us:
We’re a team of experienced developers who love to exchange ideas and push the boundaries
We provide everything you need to work (e.g., MacBook Pro, mobile device, licenses) and lots of additional benefits
We offer flexible working hours and are open for remote working
We are open minded, and always keen to stand up and go the extra mile for the correct solution
We care for your personal well-being and career development while actively supporting your educational needs
We communicate and collaborate with a variety of tools including Slack, Confluence and JIRA
We encourage regular conference visits and multiple chances to shine with George.
We feed you with coffee, sweets and fruits and provide table soccer and table tennis to train the stuff away
Working from home, virtual office, working while riding a bike. What ever and how ever you do your best work to make George shine, is fine by us.
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2 800 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality, we are more than happy to discuss your actual expectations.
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin color, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin.
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4515905 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  8.2.2023 
    2023-02-08
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Android Developer, IT Architect, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
