                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceComputer Vision Developer 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukyComputer Vision DeveloperPhotoneo s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/monthand above according to your experience and seniority.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesIn the Algo Team of the Photoneo's Sensor Department, we are searching for a Computer Vision Software Developer (from junior, medior to senior) who is capable of pushing the limits of our 3D sensors. The candidate is going to work in a small team on the devices' core computational functionality. The character of the tasks ranges from image processing over optimization and algorithmic improvements to numerics.Core responsibilities:Development of the computational pipeline in C++ with CUDA;Write automated tests and work with systems-level integration testing teams;Support validation and tuning of solutions with virtual and real-world testing;Code optimization and refactoring;Development of utility scripts in Python.Personality requirements and skillsBachelor's degree or higher in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or similar field or provable experience with SW development;Proficiency in C++;Experience with CUDA is highly welcome;Experience with OpenCV is desired;Experience with Python is welcome;Experience with numerics is appreciated;Awareness of computational complexity is appreciated;Experience with Bash scripting, computer networking or OpenEmbedded (Yocto) is a plus,Sense for recognizing bugs, attention to detail, but still ability to see a bigger picture;Goal orientation and focus on getting things done;Self-motivated team player;Commitment to create a fun, engaging, and passionate workplace.Employee perks, benefitsWe care about you from the very first day of working in Photoneo, s.r.o.:Daily breakfast and afternoon snacks,Available parking for everyone,English lessons, Soft Skills & Hard Skills trainings,Massages,Private Terrace with swings and view,Multisport card, support of participation in sporting events and Photoneo sport merch, sports teams and yoga on the terrace and workout in the office,Dressing rooms and Showers,Discounts for employees and others...Your benefits after one year of working in Photoneo: You can choose one benefit from the MAIN package, where you`ll find:Year-round public transport ID ticket Recreation allowanceYear-round health care in Procare Training, conference or other educational activity which is not a typical part of compulsory rides to the position, but related to the performance of the professionOpportunity to make your work environment more comfortable (whether it's a new desk, chair, or headphones)3. pillarSpecial benefit for Jubilants (after 5yrs)Your work-time balance is important for us:Sick days when you're not feeling wellFlexible working time with core time 10:00 - 15:00Attendance based on trust and responsibility, we do not “clock in and out”Possibility of switching a public holiday from the middle of the week to another day (for example to Friday or Monday) after agreement with manager, considering business reasons2 extra days after the death of a close relative/partner (in that month)2 extra days after marriage/ registered partnership (abroad) (in that month before/after)Financial bonuses:Generous referral programNewborn/wedding bonusAnnual bonus may be up to or exceeding 13th salary Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Master's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Advanced (C1)Other knowledgeC++ - ExpertCUDA - AdvancedPython - Advanced Advertiser Brief description of the companyThe journey of our company started in 2013 when 4 friends came up with the idea to provide eyes for robots worldwide so that they could see and understand it. This idea led to a series of patents and awards. Shortly thereafter, the four-man company grew into a 220+ people technological sanctuary for machine vision and smart automation enthusiasts & innovators. 
The company has offices in the USA, China, and Slovakia, from where we  deliver machine vision technology and robotic intelligence software to almost every country in the world. Today, Photoneo technology helps companies improve the performance and efficiency of countless applications in manufacturing, fulfillment, and assembly, including bin picking and pick & place tasks, robot guidance, machine tending, inspection & quality control, or 3D model creation. 
In 2021 Photoneo launched its new Business Unit BRIGHTPICK, the first fully automated fulfillment solution for warehouses and grocers and added to its broad competences and industries served. Being a part of Photoneo means being a part of a team that continuously pushes the boundaries further and creates space for solutions of the future. Join us!
Address 
Photoneo s. r. o.
Plynárenská 6
84105 Bratislava Number of employees200-249 employees 
ID: 4513728 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  3.2.2023 
    2023-02-03
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: C++ Programmer, Python Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Photoneo s. r. o.   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 800 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
