                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceCloud Infrastructure Support - Student Part-Time 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
Cloud Infrastructure Support - Student Part-Time
Place of work
Bratislava I, Bratislava-Old Town
Contract type
part-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWhat will you do?   Supports mainly the onboarding team     Main activities are:         Database (MySQL, redis) web front-end and/or         OpenStack and database API calls for backend feature developments   Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity studentLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsWhat will you bring along?      Motivation to learn and improve your skills     A mindset of continuous learning, willingness to share knowledge and learn from others     Ability to communicate effectively with the teams within the organization     Ability to work remotely with teams     International experience would be nice to have  What do you need to have?      Basic knowledge of programming – HTML, JavaScript, CSS, REST APIs, React framework, Python, Ansible, gitlab or JIRA     You should be a university student of computer science or engineering     English language - fluent (good verbal and written communication skills)  What can you expect working with us? You will be part of an international network of experts, in areas ranging from cloud infrastructure, software development, to AI and customer experience. You will work in an agile set-up, using a modern tech-stack. What else we offer:      Open, friendly, and international working environment     Learning culture     Competitive remuneration   Advertiser Brief description of the companyAs part of Technology Delivery International (TDI) we deliver best-in-class technology services across Europe
Deutsche Telekom Cloud Services is an international company and part of the Technology Delivery International (TDI) unit of Deutsche Telekom.
We deliver the latest technology services with deep expertise in cloud, SW engineering, DevOps and networks that win our customers’ hearts!
In TDI we have people located in 10+ countries, such as Slovakia, Romania, Hungary, Greece, Croatia, Poland, Czechia, Spain, Germany.
We work topic-driven and skill-based. That is why we are a chapter-based organization with a clear focus on the development of our people while driving the delivery of TDI’s products and services in tribes.
Technology is the heartbeat that connects us across borders! Number of employees100-149 employees ContactContact person: Recruiting Team Deutsche Telekom Pan-NetE-mail: send CV
ID: 4510360 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  30.1.2023 
    2023-01-30
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Database Administrator, IT Network Administrator, IT System Administrator, IT/Technical Support Specialist, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom Cloud Services s.r.o.   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
                Všetky ponuky
