                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceEmbedded C/C++ Engineer – Praha/Košice  Можливість для людей з України
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukyEmbedded C/C++ Engineer – Praha/KošiceComAp Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
U Uranie, Prague 7-Holešovice, Czechia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 50 000 Kč/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWho are we looking for?
•	We are looking for a new skilled colleague to join our team of embedded programmers, who will help us with the development of new functionalities for existing as well as new control units. We program mainly in C, but we are gradually switching to C++.
•	We develop control systems for critical infrastructure that affect people's lives. That is why our key emphasis is on quality during the entire development process (from design to testing). You will always be helped by code review colleagues and a crack team of testers to catch errors.
•	We work in permanent teams that are focused on individual product lines. In each team, we have developers, testers and analysts who support and, most importantly, complement each other. We are more aligned because of it.
•	We have development teams both in Prague and in Košice, and they are closely connected to each other. We are now looking for reinforcements for both locations.
In your CV, we will be interested in whether:
•	you have an electrical engineering or IT degree,
•	you enjoy programming in C/C++, and you have experience programming embedded systems
•	you know the principles of software development
•	you also have some experience with test automation in Python (this is a significant plus for you)
•	can you communicate in English Employee perks, benefits•	You will work in a friendly and informal environment with great colleagues who are always happy to share their knowledge and experience from development at regular technology meet ups 
•	We emphasize personal development, and we support our employees in their career growth (mentoring, internal and external courses, regular feedback, work on interesting projects),
•	We adhere to the work hard-play hard rule: when possible, we organize joint events: we go water skiing, skiing, grilling on our terrace. We also have a lot of online action, for example we play Counterstrike
•	Flexibility is one of ComAp's values - we combine work from home with work in office
•	And our other benefits include: 5 weeks of vacation, meal vouchers, 3 sick days, 1 charity day, flexible working hours, Edenred cafeteria bonus system, allowance for language courses, sports events, etc.
So, whether you are a recent graduate or an experienced embedded programmer, don't hesitate to send us your resume. We look forward!
Is this position exactly what you are looking for? Just send us your CV and contact details and we will be in touch shortly. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationEmbedded systemsLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) Advertiser Brief description of the companyComAp is international company with its headquarters in Prague. Globally, we operate 13 subsidiaries. 
ComAp leads the way in providing smart power control solutions that are highly flexible, intuitive, and scalable. 
That solutions and company culture would not be here without our 400+ employees. 
Our customers are at the heart of what we do. Therefore, we ensure the highest level of service and support to them, wherever they are.
The worldwide network of our subsidiaries, distributors and channel partners enables us to think globally while support locally.
Constant strive for innovation and continuous investment in new technologies is in our DNA.
Sustainability in the power generation industry is crucial. ComAp Cares programme reflects that we take our impact on the world seriously and implement actions into our daily business.
For more details, visit www.comap-control.com 
ID: 4510130 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  30.1.2023 
    2023-01-30
lokalita: Prague   Pozícia: C Programmer, C++ Programmer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: ComAp Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 50 000 Kč/month
                Všetky ponuky
