                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Architect (all genders) 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
            We are part of Erste Group – the largest banking group in Central and Eastern Europe with more than 2,500 branches and over 45,000 employees. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts are the bank's Digital Muscle. 
Software Architect (all genders)
Location: Bratislava
Working-Hours: Full-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            With top notch technology, we drive the realization offers the Group’s vision: To provide human banking in digital times, and to build Financial Health for over 16 million customers in the CEE region.We aim to attract and develop the best talent and aspire to be an IT employer beyond compare.We are Erste Digital. We are #digitaltotheheart
Join our team of architects to work on the most challenging and exciting projects. As senior architect you’ll create interesting architectural solutions in one of the leading financial institutions with high load, high scale and multiple projects. You’ll act as an internal consultant and work independently and directly with key stakeholders and projects in Erste Digital, Erste Holding and other subsidiaries. Needless to say, you’ll be surrounded by smart colleagues, interesting tasks and be well compensated.
You will be responsible for:
Producing architecture concepts that meet strategic, business, financial and technical objectives 
Analyzing and consolidating long-term target architecture visions and designs across functional areas in distributed and concurrent systems
Creating end to end high level designs, balancing technical tradeoffs, connecting multiple systems, all while ensuring consistency and quality of your solutions 
Maintaining proper technical documentation in a common architecture repository 
Developing internal java libraries and utilities, widely used across the company
Presenting technical concepts to relevant stakeholders 
Building proof-of-concepts for unusual scenarios and requirements
Active participation in knowledge building, sharing and creating communities of best practice
Your background should include experience with:
Spring Boot framework
Good command of Java language and surrounding eco-system
Concepts of good code and architecture quality (e.g., SOLID principles)
Design patterns (e.g., IoC), architectural patterns (e.g., microservices) and integration patterns
Rest frameworks (e.g., Jersey), Rest APIs
Basic Apache Kafka, including Streams
Programming for Cloud containers, CI/CD 
Git and git-flow
Agile development process
Some nice to have experience would include relational and non-relational databases, containerization (OpenShift, Docker, etc.), Hibernate, Elastic APM, Elastic Search Index optimization 
Apart from technical skills, you should also have good communication and presentation skills (in English, German would be an advantage), be independent and self-organized, strive for continuous learning and improvement
Our Offer
Possibility to benefit and learn from our international, talented and passionate community at Erste 
Great learning curve through ownership and creative freedom
Interest groups and clubs: Take part in discussions and get involved in projects. Numerous interest groups invite you to engage with a topic
Culinary delights – Healthy nutrition and good food are important for our quality of life. Whether lunch, breakfast or snacks – everything is within reach. As an employee, you receive a meal allowance per day. 
Health Care – Taking care of your health is important. That’s why we contribute to your above standard medical examination and provide a helpline in case of hard lifetime situations. You also receive a salary compensation during sick leave
Work-Life-Balance – Sabbatical, paternity leave, contribution to marriage & childbirth, 4 days of extra holiday per year, contribution to the 3rd pillar and MultiSport card. This is how we promote a balance between work, leisure, and family
New way of work: With our flexible working hours model we want to make your life less complicated. Combing the best of both worlds, remote and office time
Employee Referral Program – Become a talent scout for career opportunities in IT. We are rewarding every successful referral for Erste Digital
Language courses for German & English – Learning a new language unites. We support you with appropriate language courses where you participate together with your colleagues.
Visa Sponsoring – We support our employees with all the formalities associated with a relocation to Slovakia and advise them on choosing a suitable residential area
Thanks to our corporate benefits partners, you can also receive a whole bunch of discounts in different areas
The minimum wage for this full-time position in accordance with the collective agreement with complete fulfillment of the functional profile 3.200 EUR gross per month. But this is just a formality - we would be happy to talk about your actual salary in person!
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4512536 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  2.2.2023 
    2023-02-02
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: IT Architect, IT Consultant, Java Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 200 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
