                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Backend Engineer for BI Monitoring Portal (all genders) 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponuky
            Make a difference in the financial life of millions of people: At Erste Digital you are co-creating the digital future, in which better financial health is possible. #believeinyourself
Senior Backend Engineer for BI Monitoring Portal (all genders)
Location: Bratislava
Working-Hours: Full-time
Occupation Area: IT
Company:  Erste Digital
            The future of banking is digital, and IT is the key to this change. Erste Digital is the digital enabler that drives innovative IT solutions for Erste Group, the leading banking group in CEE. Our service involves “run the bank” as well as “change the bank” activities. Our more than 2,000 IT experts and enthusiasts deliver best-in-class IT solutions and services to all Erste Group entities and by this directly to Erste Group’s more than 16 million customers. Are you ready to work for one of the most innovative and largest IT companies in the CEE region? Then hit the “apply now” button.
The Group BI Processing department is looking for a Senior Developer that will be working on a modern and state of the art solution, the BI Monitoring Portal. BIMP is a monitoring tool that provides crucial end-to-end view on the BI processing chain starting from data delivery and ending with the submission of all the bank reports. Through interlinking and visualizing BIMP provides overviews and dashboards that display all relevant information to both Business and IT counterparts. Development is done in an agile setup and dynamics, flexibility and creativity are key to our success.
Your tasks would be to:
Closely cooperate with other team developers and business counterparts on designing of the proper technical solution for business requests
Use suitable development procedures and patterns - in line with best practices
Keep solution maintainability and proposes code optimization for maximal efficiency
Identify and proposes potential improvements of existing services
Prepare final packages for deployment
Support with unit testing and in addition analyze and solve bugs when needed
Participate on all Scrum related meetings and contribute with experience and ideas
What should you bring with you:
3+ years of experience in practicing the relevant skills
Experience with RESTful API design and development in Spring Boot/Node.js
Microservice Architecture
SQL - PostgreSQL
Elastic Search and Kibana
Kubernetes with OpenShift
Reviews, Unit/Integration testing and clean coding practices
Git/BitBucket
Advantage with nice to have skills:
Kafka
CI / CD
Our Offer
We care for your personal well-being and career development while actively supporting your educational needs
We’re a team of experienced IT enthusiasts who love to exchange ideas and push the boundaries
We provide a relaxed, professional environment and all the hardware & software you need to work efficiently
Work on the new technologies and concepts being discussed worldwide
We encourage regular conference visits and multiple chances to shine
An opportunity to work with a motivated, ambitious multi-national team and to cooperate with many colleagues, different roles and units across the Erste Group in our region.
Very diverse job in an interesting and dynamic field with excellent perspectives
Pension saving paid by us, Paid sick-leave and 4 days of extra holiday per year
Language courses, support for learning and development,good care of physical and psychological health
Working from home, virtual office, working while riding a bike. What ever and how ever you do your best work - is fine by us.
New Work is not just another buzz word to us. We proactively adapt to the ever-changing work environment of today
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 3.200,- gross per month for this position. But this is just a formality - we would be happy to talk about your salary in person!
 Apply online 
 Follow us: 
ID: 4512516 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  2.2.2023 
    2023-02-02
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Backend developer, IT Architect, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 200 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
