Jobs by email
LPKF Laser & Electronics SE
Data Engineer (m/f/d)
Garbsen bei Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
High Tech. High Fun. High Success.
Curious? That's a matter of attitude with us.
We are a high-tech company, we are laser specialists, we are a listed "global player". At LPKF, we are constantly looking for new ways to get better. Curiosity is a matter of attitude for us. We research, develop, improvise and do what no one expects. In the process, we come up with innovative results that help our customers make their products even smarter. LPKF has been a pioneer in laser technology for over 45 years. For decades, we have been revolutionizing established solutions in electronics manufacturing, the solar industry, and plastics processing with new technological solutions. High quality standards and a passion for new things drive us. You would like to accompany and support LPKF on its further growth path with your ideas and impulses?
Do you want to seize the opportunity to develop professionally? Then apply to our job ad and work in Garbsen, near Hannover as a
Data Engineer (m/f/d)
Your tasks:
Project support and lead in the field of data retrieval and analysis
Providing technical/functional consulting of the departments in the field of data retrieval and analysis
Administration, management, and optimization of existing databases
Planning, development and monitoring of data infrastructure
Ensuring the availability of relevant data for reporting purposes, including conceptual implementation of data requests and synchronization in multiple systems
Conceptual design and technical implementation of reports according to functional requirements
Ensuring and monitoring of data protection requirements and data security together with the Chief Information Security Officer
 Your profile:
Technical/Commercial university degree or comparable qualifications
Strong technical affinity
Comprehensive experience in working with most common relational database systems (SQL Base, special SQL incl. programming of requests, database administration and optimization)
Knowledge of data processes is an advantage
Business fluent in either German or English, conversational level in the other language
First experiences with project work in a complex environment desirable
Entrepreneurial thinking and acting
First experiences in process automation in the area of data analysis and data handling are advantageous
Our offer:
A great perspective with versatile tasks in a collegial team in a high-tech environment
38-hour week with full-time employement
Flexitime and the possibility to work remotely as well as on-site
30 days vacation
JobBike offer as well as givve non-cash benefit cards
Optional participation in the annual employee share program
Free benefits, e.g. fruit, juice, coffee, gym
Discounted job ticket
Company pension plan, subsidy for capital-forming benefits
Modern working environment and professional IT equipment
Fun at work and beyond through various events, e.g. participation in the company run, dragon boat race, skiing, Christmas party, after-work events and much more
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
LPKF Laser & Electronics SE
Osteriede 7, 30827 Garbsen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -