Jobs by email
ETAS
Internship C++ Developer
Stuttgart
Internship
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to ETAS
Founded in 1994, ETAS GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Robert Bosch GmbH with international sales offices in Europe, North and South America, and Asia. ETAS' portfolio includes vehicle basic software, middleware, and development tools for the realization of software-defined vehicles. „Empowering Tomorrow’s Automotive Software“ – all our product solutions and services are focused on this to enable vehicle manufacturers and suppliers to develop and operate software-defined vehicles with increased efficiency. Holistic cybersecurity solutions in the automotive sector are offered via the ESCRYPT brand.
The ETAS GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As a member of the analysis team, you will be responsible for the studying system analysis requirements, design and develop analysis tools and perform tests.
You will study the system analysis tools and frameworks and benchmark them.
In addition, you will write efficient algorithms.
Last but not least, you will write clean code, perform white box and black box performance tests and improvements.
Your profile
Master studies in the field of Software Engineering or Computer Science
Aware of software development life cycles, object-oriented development and testing techniques
Good hands on experience in embedded C++ including C++ V11 or above
Linux  OS and writing cross platform C++ code
3 years of industry experience in advanced C++ and testing is desirable
In depth C/C++ development  knowledge in one of the following areas is required: TCP/UDP Network Programming, embedded C/C++
Quality-oriented mind set and believe in good documentation
Independent and systematic way of working
Good command over spoken and written English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ETAS
Borsigstraße 24, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -