Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Wireless Platform Architect (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining wireless technology? Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. In this role, you will be a key member of our system engineering team in Munich, defining and working on future wireless systems within our platform architecture team.
We are looking for a passionate professional who has been working on cellular systems to drive the future of wireless technology with a focus on groundbreaking designs and upcoming standards.
Description
Analyze and define wireless system requirements for 5G and beyond (6G).
Identify and drive innovation for wireless platform architectures with focus on the balanced optimization of modem critical metrics and end-user experience. Create intellectual property.
Optimize overall system performance (power, throughput and latency) with system simulators and technology demonstrators.
Qualifications
Essential qualifications;
Knowledge in 5G, LTE, or wireless signal processing.
Coding in Python, C++, Matlab for link or system simulations.
Expertise in the following areas beneficial;
Machine learning applied to wireless networks.
Cellular and wireless system understanding including user equipment and core network.
Communications theory, physical layer, radio resource management.
Ability to present sophisticated technical topics to a multi-level audience.
Education and Experience
Master’s degree or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent degree.
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €