Jobs by email
alfaview gmbh
Senior C++ Engineer (f/m/d)
bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
alfaview gmbh is part of the alfa group of companies, which, through its innovative strength, has not only produced new products in the past few years, but has also opened up new areas of business. With alfaview, we are leading the way in developing GDPR-compliant video conferencing systems and have been working steadily to improve digital communication since 2010. With our innovative products, we are actively contributing to Europe's digital sovereignty. With alfatraining and our 250+ training centers, we stand for modern teaching in professional development. With EML Speech Technology GmbH, we are bundling our knowledge and expertise in intelligent speech recognition and recording. We are developing technologies based on the latest methods and algorithms in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning.
We are looking for a highly motivated Senior C++ Engineer (f/m/d).
Your Role
You will help to improve our existing codebase
You will work with a cross-functional team of software engineers and designers to deliver new features
You will ensure maintainability of our codebase through reviews and pair programming
You will engage in the continuous improvement of the way we work
You will help train junior engineers
Your Profile
You have a lot of experience working in a team environment
You have experience writing and shipping customer-facing code using the Qt Framework
You have experience using common software design patterns
You are experienced with rendering pipelines, debugging techniques, performance optimization and profiling
You have shipped a mobile application
You are experienced in using technologies such as Qt & QML, GitLab & built-in CI, CMake and Docker and you are up to date with C++ standards
You are proficient in spoken and written English
Join the alfa group of companies
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
alfaview gmbh
bundesweit, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Company laptop
Dental care
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.