Jobs by email
Umicore AG & Co. KG
Data Scientist (m/f/d)
Hanau-Wolfgang
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
About Umicore
Reducing harmful vehicle emissions. Powering the cars of the future. Giving new life to used metals. We are the leading circular materials technology company fulfilling its mission to create materials for a better life. With ambitions like this, imagine what you could do?
About Corporate Research & Development
Driving progress through research. Providing material solutions for the world’s most pressing challenges and anticipating the needs of our customers requires a high level of investment in research. Umicore’s Group Research capabilities focus on new materials and processes to address the megatrends of resource scarcity and clean mobility. The nature of research and development means that we cannot stand still. We need to find new ways to do things, discover new solutions and develop new ideas. Which is where you come in.
Data Scientist (m/f/d)
Location: Hanau
What you will be doing
As part of the Computational Science team, you will establish data science projects from Hanau, primarily in the field of catalysis and as local support of other business areas. You will collaborate closely with professionals from different knowledge areas to model complex industrial problems and identify business insights using statistical, algorithmic, data mining and visualisation techniques. Building a solid understanding of processes and technologies is essential for you to identify opportunities and advise the project team. We also expect you to keep up with the latest developments and expand the team's skills in machine learning and its applications. Your main responsi­bilities will be:
Designing and implementing end-to-end solutions using data-driven modelling to address business challenges
Collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders to understand the business usage of data
Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations 
Strengthening the relationship between Computational Science, the local business units, and other centres of expertise within the company
Project coordination 
Researching innovative techniques and tools in machine learning / deep learning / artificial intelligence
Who we are looking for
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or Engineering with relevant data science specialization 
Proven experience (5+ years) as a Data Scientist, preferably in an industrial environment
Strong understanding of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree, artificial neural networks) and advanced statistical concepts (regression, discriminant analysis) 
Experience building and deploying predictive models and scalable data pipelines 
Experience with programming languages (Python) and cloud systems (Databricks, MLflow, Azure Machine Learning)
Ability to empathise with customers to understand the strategy and priorities of the business unit
Goal orientation
Fluent in English and can clearly convey complex and technical issues to a diverse audience, German is a clear asset
What we offer
We aim to lead the way. Not just for our customers, but for our employees too. That is why we strive to create a collaborative environment in which we can all succeed, and a culture through which we can all share ideas, develop our expertise and advance our careers. We engage in building an inclusive work culture that offers equal opportunities for all employees, irrespective of their diverse backgrounds. As you would expect from a world-leading organisation, we will also reward your contribution with a competitive salary and benefits. With all this and more, imagine what you could do?
Imagine what you could do? We look forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Umicore AG & Co. KG
Rodenbacher Chaussee 4, 63457 Hanau, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.