Jobs by email
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH
Software Developer - Connected Systems (m/f/d)
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH in Ulm develops digital solutions for the entire Liebherr Group. Our passionate team from the areas of software development, engineering and data science works together on various projects from the whole Liebherr product world. Our mission: creating outstanding digital experiences!
Software Developer - Connected Systems (m/f/d)
Job-ID 63279
Tasks
Your responsibilities
Develop Linux based connectivity and application software architectures from the first idea to series production and operation
Design and implement embedded IoT application and connectivity software components
Integrate modern open source components and latest software technologies
Prepare and support early prototyping of various connectivity standards and upcoming IoT technologies
Define and implement APIs for various connectivity use cases
Create smart solutions aligned with high level security requirements
Enforce and implement high-class security concepts in connected systems and products
Support system integration and test in an agile team by close cooperation with internal & external developers
Qualifications
Your qualifications
B.Sc. / M.Sc. Computer Science, Communications / Electronic Engineering or comparable
End to End understanding of complex IoT systems (device & backend)
Strong experience in C/C++
Expert knowledge in building embedded Linux systems (Yocto, U-Boot etc.)
Practical knowledge in continuous delivery and agile methods
Experience with connected devices including various IoT communication protocols and technologies (Bluetooth, Wifi, CAN, Ethernet, 4G, 5G etc.) is a plus
Knowledge of the latest software architecture principles and practices
Ability to speak, understand and write German and English fluently
Our offer
Our offer
An interesting and ambitious role in a successful international company. We offer a secure work environment with a comprehensive benefits package and competitive salary.
Have we awoken your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your online application. If you have any questions, please contact Martin Tetzel at: martin.tetzel@liebherr.com.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH
89081 Ulm, Deutschland