Jobs by email
Continental AG
Cloud Data Platforms Architect (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
Job Description
Continental’s digital capabilities are growing every day. Our Cloud team is building leading cloud-based IT Services for the future that will ensure information flows even more smoothly to Continental teams and customers around the world.
The global Shared Services team operates with an open mind, trust and a healthy sense of humor. If this sounds like you – and if you love to be at the forefront of creating modern technology tools – Continental is the perfect match for you.
You will join a team of dedicated and passionate young professionals pushing the frontier of what’s possible to deliver to our customers using cloud services.
As a Cloud Data Platforms Architect, you will play a critical role in the design and implementation of our data platforms, both existing and new. Our data platforms are complex, combining batch processes, streaming data processing, and continuous ETL processes across a wide range of data sources. You will possess both hands-on technical experience and the ability to think strategically.
These are your main tasks in more detail:
Designing & modernizing the landscape laid out of our existing cloud data platforms
Leading initiatives to modernize and integrate data platforms across the organization, enabling our customers to access data securely, reliably, and comfortably
Technical coordination of ongoing development of one of the cloud-based data platforms
Contributing to the existing code base for our most modern data platform – MoDAP
Making sure that our data engineers can reliably combine streaming & batch data sets
Working on standards with main stakeholders – data teams of Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Finance, Marketing, R&D and more
Easing the deployment process of new data platforms and their future revisions
Qualifications
Academic degree in computer science, software engineering or an equivalent qualification
Multiple years of work experience, showcased by a portfolio of your previous work
Comprehensive knowledge of designing, building and maintaining data platforms in the cloud, using hyperscalers such as AWS or Azure
Thorough knowledge of data processing, data lake and data warehousing concepts, including data modelling, data pipeline design and data governance
Thorough knowledge of big data services offered by cloud providers such as AWS Glue, EMR, Databricks, Azure Data Factory and HDInsight
Thorough knowledge of at least one of the following programming languages: Python, Scala or TypeScript
General knowledge of Infrastructure as Code tooling such as AWS CDK, Terraform or Pulumi
General knowledge of SQL & NoSQL databases, data integration and ETL
Passion to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, with a team-oriented attitude
Professional working proficiency in English, no other language required
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
The job in numbers: You are going to work 37.5 hours a week in a team of 5. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.
Being part of a global IT team of thousands of colleagues working on various innovations and tasks, there is always an opportunity to grow and move into different directions within our corporation.
On top of that you can expect the following benefits:
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, trainings or global internal Software Academy)
Work from home up to 4 days a week (unless workshops etc. require physical presence)
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
Possibility of part-time contract up to 80%
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across 7 locations in a globally active organization
Company and tariff pension plan
Health insurance
Assistance with child-care
Parent-child office
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
Gym on-site
On-site physicians
Sabbatical option
  If this sounds like a perfect match for you and if you want to become the next supporter of our core values Trust For One Another, Passion to Win and Freedom to Act, we are looking forward receiving your application.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Beiersdorfstraße 5, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -