Jobs by email
ENERCON
Data Analyst (m/f/d)
Bremen, Aurich bei Emden, Magdeburg, Mainz, Hof, Rostock
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
DRIVING THE FUTURE
Innovative ideas are the hallmark of our successes and move us on. We are passionate about realizing wind energy projects across the globe and meeting tomorrow's energy technology challenges. You and your engagement can make a contribution to shape the future of renewable energies.
Your tasks
Ensure and support commercial success and continuous improve­ment of projects through big data and related tools and reports
Regular activities:
Combine data sets from SAP, SAC, MS Excel, MS Project Online, SharePoint and Project via Power BI or similar tools
Collect and cluster commercial project KPIs as well as reasons for changes in centra­lized data­bases
Establish and run a change report, show­ing the change-focused impact on various organi­zational KPIs
Collect and administrate infor­mation on con­tracts, contra­ctual mile­stones, claims and NCs in a central data­base
Derive data to be used for budge­ting and tende­ring for upcoming projects
Create:
Create and improve tools and databases to bro­aden the commer­cial focus of our PM Team (e.g. cash flow and NWC models for projects)
Establish and maintain lessons learned databases for conti­nuous improve­ment
On-demand activities:
Carry out simulations needed for busi­ness cases (monitoring mul­tiple para­meters from diverse data sources)
Conduct backwards and root cause analysis
This is an office job, i.e. no site visits are required
Your qualifications
Bachelor's degree in data science, IT or engineering
Data analyst training certi­ficates
You can use soft­ware for data analysis
Relevant job experience is a plus
Experience in wind energy is not necessarily required
Your benefits
Flexible working hours due to suitable wor­king hours models
Possibility to work remotely (up to 95%)
30 vacation days per year
Exciting and diversified work activities
Integrated approach to work­place health pro­motion
Internal and external oppor­tunities for further edu­cation
Employee events that bring a fresh breeze
We also offer this position at our offices in Aurich near Emden, Magde­burg, Mainz, Hof or Rostock.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Home office
Company car
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.