Jobs by email
ETAS
AUTOSAR Technical Support Engineer (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to ETAS
Founded in 1994, ETAS GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Robert Bosch GmbH with international sales offices in Europe, North and South America, and Asia. ETAS' portfolio includes vehicle basic software, middleware, and development tools for the realization of software-defined vehicles. „Empowering Tomorrow’s Automotive Software“ – all our product solutions and services are focused on this to enable vehicle manufacturers and suppliers to develop and operate software-defined vehicles with increased efficiency. Holistic cybersecurity solutions in the automotive sector are offered via the ESCRYPT brand.
The ETAS GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
Working with our team of experts in our Stuttgart office, you will strengthen support team to and deliver best-in-class support to our customers. As an AUTOSAR Technical Support Engineer you will be responsible for:
Delivering exceptional customer service to technical support questions across the whole AUTOSAR Classic software stack to automotive Tier1 and OEM clients
Delivering demos and example applications to customers
Provision of technical "how tos" as documents, videos or code examples for the public knowledge base (FAQ)
Maintenance and delivery of training courses
You are comfortable working across the complete spectrum of development projects, from beginners building their first AUTOSAR-based ECUs through to OEM platform solutions based on decades of existing experience
Preparation of service quality reports and dashboards for management
While mainly an office-based role, travel to customer sites in the EU for periods of up to 1 month may be required
Your profile
Key skills:
At least 5 years of integrating AUTOSAR basic software projects for series production
Excellent embedded C programing skills
Must have full stack knowledge and be as comfortable handing questions on the RTE as in the memory stack or security stack
Proven ability to manage multiple activities in parallel in a high pressure, customer driven, environment where results are needed in hours not days
·         You have a Bachelor or higher degree in the field of computer science, electrical engineering or a comparable course of study.
Excellent written and spoken communication in both German and English (both languages to at least CEFR C1 level).
Candidates with the following skills would be at an advantage:
Knowledge of AUTOSAR Adaptive Platform and/or experience in complex embedded SW solutions involving multiple 3rd party stacks
Experience working with safety-related and security-related software and/or personal experience of delivering software to ISO26262 and/or ISO/SAE 21434.
Ability to work in other European languages ("Verhandlungssicher")
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ETAS
Borsigstraße 24, 70469 Stuttgart, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -