Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Cellular RF System Engineer - RF Frontend Control and Interfaces (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. We have built the best wireless hardware design team on the planet. Come join us as a key member of Apple’s multi-location team (Linz/Munich/San Diego/Santa Clara Valley), and drive cellular wireless standards innovation for our next generation wireless products used by millions! Are you ready to do you life's best work?
Description
Analyze and define RF Frontend Control and interface requirements for wireless devices.
Develop novel RF Frontend control and interface architectures.
Optimize partition between hardware and software domains.
Identify and drive innovation in the RF Frontend Control space for RF transceivers with focus on the optimization of modem system performance.
Create intellectual property and technical specifications for products and business strategy decisions.
Lead cross-functional teams by technical expertise and to present complex technical topics to a multi-level audience; perform reviews with other Apple wireless teams.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
We would like 4+ years of hands-on experience in RF/analog and mixed-signal system design, including RF control/interfaces.
Excellent knowledge of 3GPP standards/carrier specifications and the impact on RF system requirements and RF control architectures.
Experience in realtime systems and modelling.
Experience in RF performance criteria and concepts such as EIRP, TRP, TIS, noise figure, sensitivity/desense, phase noise, EVM, spectral mask, spurious, harmonics, intermodulation, s-parameters, Smith charts, and tuning networks is desired.
Strong communication and technical writing skills.
Education and Experience
Bachelor's, Master's or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Wir bieten
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €