Jobs by email
Leica Geosystems AG
Senior Software Engineer C++ (f/m/d)
Zürich
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
About Us
As part of Hexagon, an enterprise with around 24,000 employees worldwide, we offer interesting and challenging tasks in a dynamic, high-tech environment within a growing business, enabling our employees to further develop themselves, nurture their talents and thus make a valuable contribution to achieving our goals.
Committed and with passion for precision we create digital reality solutions combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies to empower a sustainable future.
Hexagon is a global leader in sensor, software and autonomous solutions. We are putting data to work to boost efficiency, productivity and quality across industrial, manufacturing, infrastructure, safety, and mobility applications. Our technologies are shaping urban and production ecosystems to become increasingly connected and autonomous – ensuring a scalable, sustainable future.
As a Senior Software Engineer you will work in an interdisciplinary team of algorithm experts, robotic engineers and embedded system developers and contribute to our next generation robotic projects currently in development.  Join our newly established team within Hexagon’s Innovation Hub and make your visions come true!
This appeals to you
Being part of an R&D with startup spirit in a globally active company.
Working in a multicultural and interdisciplinary environment.
Engineering and development from prototype to innovative serial production.
Active and hands-on participation in software integration and testing on real hardware
Team-oriented problem-solving and creative thinking to push boundaries of cutting-edge technologies.
This is you
BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent
5+ years of experience designing and developing production-grade software using modern C++
You strive bringing software concepts and best practices into an interdisciplinary team
Knowledge of software testing methodologies – at unit and integration test level
Know-how in using Linux, CMake and Git
Strong communication skills and willingness to learn robotics concepts as needed
Proficiency in English required, basic German skills advantageous.
Experience in following topics would be advantageous:
ROS, Python, Docker, bash, real time OS, or distributed computing
code profiling / optimization tools
GPU or other hardware accelerators
How can I apply
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Leica Geosystems AG
8045 Zürich, Schweiz
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.