Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Purpose Team Expert - Procure to Order (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
We are the think tank for End 2 End process innovations. Our motivated and cross functional team has set the goal to significantly increase customer satisfaction and making the process Procure 2 Pay (P2P) more efficient through innovation technologies. You want to shape the future in the area of Process Excellence in a start-up atmosphere? Then you are on the right track! We are a diverse, agile team with a grassroots approach – the so called P2P purpose teams – and we need your appreciative support in the field of Procure to Order.
Become a team member of our purpose team and focus with us on process and usability improvements for our more than 60.000 end users.
Our work focuses on a variety of IT-related solutions and we have already implemented robotic process automation, chat bots and machine learning in various cases.
We are looking for your professional contribution, as well as applying new and agile working methods. With an excellent data mindset you successfully scrape, model, analyze and visualize data from a variety of data sources.
Drive your projects in a self-empowered area and apply the latest information technologies in the area of Process Excellence - P2P.
Your profile
Education: completed studies in Computer Science, Business Information Technologies, Robotics, Industrial Engineering or Social Sciences with high IT affinity
Personality and Working Practice: passion to learn and work on new things, process-oriented and team-minded as well as independent, self-organized, creative and effective
Experience and Knowledge: IT, procurement or financial background is a plus, SAP SRM and ERP knowledge, robotic process automation, PowerBI, Celonis or other process mining tools are welcome but not mandatory
Languages: good communication skills in written and spoken English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Bregenzer Straße 26, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.