Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Circuit Designer - Standard Cell (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Do you want to utilize your engineering background to make big things happen? Can you influence, connect, get results and communicate effectively? Can you deliver on a predictable and dynamic schedule? Do you have a passion for crafting entirely new solutions? Do you love building without precedent? As part of our Digital Design Engineering group, you’ll take imaginative and revolutionary ideas and determine how to turn them into reality. You and your team will apply engineering fundamentals and start from scratch if needed, bringing visionary ideas to the real world. Your efforts will be groundbreaking, often literally. Join us, and you’ll help design the tools that allow us to bring customers experiences they’ve never before envisioned. You will be part of an exciting silicon design group that is responsible for designing state-of-the-art ASICs. We have an extraordinary opportunity for Standard Cell Design Engineers. In this highly visible role, you will be at the heart of a processor design effort, working with the custom digital circuits team and library development, making a critical impact delivering products to market quickly.
Description
Imagine yourself at the center of our SOC design effort, collaborating with all disciplines, playing a strategic role in getting functional products to millions of customers quickly. You will have the opportunity to integrate and come up with new ideas, as well as work with a team of highly talented engineers. As a Standard Cell Circuit Design Engineer, you will perform the following:
Develop standard cells to improve design PPA
Develop optimal power switch, retention flops, level shifters, etc that cater to today’s Low Power Design Requirements
Engage with CPU, SOC and GPU digital design teams on chip level integration requirements
Handle Virtuoso and digital library releases
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Experience in digital circuit designs such as high performance flip-flop, clock gater, power switch, etc
Knowledge of standard cell Schematic and layout co-optimization for PPA and yield
Experience in Hspice circuit robustness and spice monte carlo analysis.
Design experience in deep submicron technologies
Experience in SKILL coding is nice to have
Familiarity with characterization tool and Liberty format and other Standard Cell deliverables
Silicon debug experience for Standard Cells
Communication Skills with internal and external contacts
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science is required.
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €