Jobs by email
State Street Bank International GmbH
IT Audit Manager, Assistant Vice President (m/f/d)
München, Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Who we are looking for
We are looking for a IT Audit Manager, Assistant Vice President, who will be responsible for managing and performing audits covering IT governance, systems infrastructure, information security, application controls, operational and oversight monitoring activities and ensure compliance with the division’s risk-based audit methodology. This role will primarily focus on participation in global IT audit engagements considering legal entity aspects and local regulatory requirements.
  You will be part of a team of approximately 270 professionals globally, and you will be responsible for providing independent, objective assurance and advisory services designed to add value, minimize risk and improve the overall control environment of State Street Corporation and its subsidiaries. You will interact and communicate regularly with executive management and have tremendous insight into all parts of the company’s daily operations. The role can be based out in Frankfurt or Munich, in Germany.
This role can be performed in a hybrid model, where you can balance work from home and office to match your needs and role requirements.
  Why this role is important to us
The team you will be joining plays an important role in the overall success of the organization. Across the globe, institutional investors rely on us to help them manage risk, respond to challenges, and drive performance and profitability. To make that happen we need teams like yours to help navigate employees and the organization as a whole. In your role you will strive for cutting-edge solutions, that are straightforward and scalable. You will help us build resilience and execute day to day deliverables at our best. Join us if making your mark in the financial services industry from day one is a challenge you are up for.
What you will be responsible for
As IT Audit Manager, Assistant Vice President you will:
Work as part of an international team with global stakeholders in new and changing situations where there may not always be a readily apparent solution.
Manage the planning, assessment, testing and reporting phases of audits covering IT governance, systems infrastructure, information security, application controls, and operational activities. 
Perform independent and objective assessments of risks and controls to improve risk management practices.
Assess systems and supporting controls for compliance with laws, regulations, company policies and meet business needs.
Recommend control improvements to mitigate key risks. 
Maintain a thorough knowledge of ECB and BaFin regulatory requirements (for example the Supervisory Requirements for IT in Financial Institutions – BAIT, EBA Guidelines on Outsourcing)
Influence change and provide insights on business initiatives, including system implementations.
Prepare or review audit workpapers to ensure compliance with the division’s risk-based audit methodology.
Supervise, coach and develop staff, helping to build technology audit skills across the Corporate Audit division.
Use your excellent writing skills to succinctly communicate complicated technical issues in business terms.
Prepare audit reports and present key findings to senior level management.
What we value
These skills will help you succeed in this role:
Experience leading and supervising project teams, preferably in an audit or assurance capacity within the financial services industry.
Proficient or knowledgeable in evaluating and testing internal controls and in applying a risk-based audit approach.
Ability to effectively prioritize multiple tasks and work independently in an international team across multiple locations with global stakeholders in a fast paced environment as well as to manage complex nonroutine situations while multi-tasking
Professional curiosity and willingness to learn new technologies and processes.
Strong analytical, interpersonal, organizational, research, and communication (verbal and written) skills.
Good understanding of the role of first, second and third line of defense.
Fluency in English - written and spoken.
Education & Preferred Qualifications
University degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Accounting or related field; Advanced degree in Information Technology, Cyber Security or Systems Engineering preferred.
Currently hold one or more industry recognized certifications (e.g. CISA, CRISC, CISM, CISSP, Cloud+, etc.) and a willingness to continue to learn and grow.
Expertise in or 2 - 5 years’ experience auditing technology-related areas such as:
IT Resilience / Data Replication / Disaster Recovery
Identity and Access Management/Privileged Access Management/Adaptive Authentication Solutions
IT Change Management
IT incident and problem management
Security Incident and Event Management (SIEM) Technologies
Cyber Incident and response
Enterprise security controls frameworks
Cloud Security
Financial services operational processes and technology
Automated business process controls
  Additional requirements
Willingness to travel up to 20% annually.
Knowledge of an additional European language will be considered a plus.
  Are you the right candidate? Yes!
We truly believe in the power that comes from the diverse backgrounds and experiences our employees bring with them. Although each vacancy details what we are looking for, we don’t necessarily need you to fulfil all of them when applying. If you like change and innovation, seek to see the bigger picture, make data driven decisions and are a good team player, you could be a great fit.
About State Street
What we do. State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation, we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.
Work, Live and Grow. We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary by location, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans, among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Programs to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.
Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility. We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift programs and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.
State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Discover more at StateStreet.com/careers
What we offer
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.