Jobs by email
Voith Group
Vice President (m/f/d) Digital Hydro
Heidenheim
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 hour ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About the Voith Group
The Voith Group is a global technology company. With its broad portfolio of systems, products, services and digital applications, Voith sets standards in the markets of energy, oil & gas, paper, raw materials and transport & automotive. Founded in 1867, the company today has around 21,000 employees, sales of € 4.9 billion and locations in over 60 countries worldwide and is thus one of the larger family-owned companies in Europe.
Support the Voith Group | Voith Hydro as a
Vice President (m/f/d) Digital Hydro
Job ID 71834 | Location Heidenheim
You lead Voith Hydro’s digital business globally. In this position, you report to the Global Head of Service, Automation and Digital.
Your tasks
Develop Voith Hydro’s digital strategy and ensure a successful implementation.
Apply the extensive product management toolset and develop the digital product portfolio together with the team of digital experts (m/f/d) at headquarters in Heidenheim. Lead the detailed planning process on this basis and build up a strong performance controlling.
Develop and manage a strong set of KPIs along the complete business process in close cooperation with the globally responsible “HyService” team.
Ensure profitable growth of the business by further developing an effective lead- and sales-controlling.
Lead the annual strategy- and business planning process with your top-down input as well as consolidation of bottom-up planning.
Lead the local digital teams functionally in close cooperation with local management. This includes building up and developing capabilities and ensuring people development as well as staffing leadership and other key positions.
Drive the deployment of global standards and ensure their local acceptance while leading continuous improvement and ensuring best practice sharing.
Your profile
Strong strategic, conceptual and analytical skills combined with a hands-on mentality and commitment to making things happen.
A relevant academic education – technically (e.g. engineering degree) and/or commercially (e.g. B.S., M.S., M. Eng, or MBA).
Demonstration of high customer orientation and a strong commercial background.
A seasoned manager with extensive experience in leading international teams.
Very good English language skills written and spoken; other languages are an asset.
We offer
We offer you an international working environment with an open and inclusive company culture. In addition, you can expect flexible working models, sustainable development opportunities and various offers for the compatibility of family and career as well as health and well-being.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Voith Group
89522 Heidenheim, Deutschland