Jobs by email
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
Working Student (m/f/d) Avionic Data Link Research
München
Student job, Industrial placement student
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
With its leading solutions in the areas of Test & Measurement, Technology Systems and Networks & Cybersecurity, the Rohde & Schwarz technology group is one of the pioneers of a secure and connected world. Founded more than 85 years ago, the Group is a reliable partner for its customers from the private and public sectors around the globe.
Headquartered in Munich, Germany, the company has strong regional hubs in Singapore and Columbia, Maryland to coordinate business activities in Asia and the USA.
Join our Software Development Division in München (Germany) at the earliest possible date.
Your tasks
- Research and work on the field of IP protocols for new Avionic data links still in definition and standardisation (LDACS technology), e.g. IP mobility based on PMIPv6
- Tasks will be maintaining and extending a running system on Virtual Machines and demonstrator hardware
- Integration of CISCO router into the hardware testsetup
- Creation of system performance tests/benchmarks
- Extending the system with respect to security needs (e.g. AAA server/IPSEC)
Your qualifications
- Academic studies in electrical engineering, computer science or comparable field of studies
- Extensive know-how on modern IP protocols (both theoretically and in praxis)
- Ability to understand, maintain and extend existing software and systems on Linux (Ubuntu/Yocto/Petalinux)
- Know-how of programming and testing languages and methods, e.g. robotframework, Python, C/C++, make/automake, kernel-config
- Helpful will be knowledge of WireShark/scapy, VirtualBox or similar tools and software
Our offer
You can expect very good payment, excellent terms and outstanding opportunities for growth and development.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.