Jobs by email
Caverion Deutschland GmbH
IT Application Coordinator (m/f/d)
Deggendorf, Leverkusen oder München
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
About Caverion
Our life is shaped by the environments we build around us. By making built environments smart and sustainable, Caverion enables performance and people’s well-being. Customers can trust our expert guidance during the entire life cycle of their buildings, infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects, technical and industrial maintenance, facility management as well as advisory services. Our customers are supported by approximately 14,000 professionals in 10 countries in Northern, Central and Eastern Europe.
We are looking for an IT Application Coordinator (m/w/d) to join our Group IT Enterprise Systems team.
You will be based in our office in Deggendorf, Leverkusen or Munich and be part of a global Group IT team, supporting our business in all Caverion operating countries in the Nordics and Central Europe. This position is a temporary backfill for a maternity leave with potential to be extended.
You will be responsible for the operational application management of several of our group-wide used Enterprise Applications. In close cooperation with our IT Service Owners and vendors as well as business key users you will ensure a smooth delivery of IT services towards our end-users.
Key accountabilities
Dedicated responsibility of inhouse applications in different business units
Ensuring correct support flow of requests and incidents together with our IT partners
Follow-up on customer satisfaction and application costs
Correct documentation and monitoring of assigned applications
Contribution in development projects and correct on-boarding of new applications
Preferred background and qualifications
Bachelor degree in IT or an equivalent apprenticeship
Good understanding of IT operations e.g. ITIL or similar
Willing to travel internationally
Fluent communication in English in addition to one of Scandinavian, Finnish or German
Beneficial competences:
Experience in Application Management
Experience in ERP solutions Workday and/or Microsoft Dynamics 365
Experience in Microsoft 365 products
Working at Caverion
We offer you a versatile area of responsibility in a growing multi-cultural organization with a great opportunity for training and self-development. You will collaborate within our global Group IT organization to reach our business-driven strategic objectives.
Got interested in this position?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner