Jobs by email
Chromasens GmbH
FPGA / Embedded Systems Developer (m/f/d) in the field of Machine Vision
Konstanz
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Chromasens GmbH, based in Konstanz at the beautiful Lake Constance, develops and produces image capturing systems, illuminations and line scan cameras for industrial image processing. Since 2004 Chromasens stands for innovative color line scan cameras, line illumination technologies and specific software for numerous machine vision applications. Since 2017, Chromasens GmbH is a part of the TKH Group, which with its members is a technology leader providing smart solutions to the industrial market.
You will develop and implement FPGA logic for our cameras in a dynamic team. While working on our high-performance line scan cameras and 3D measurement systems you will face technologically challenging tasks.
Your tasks:
Development and implementation of the image sensor control
Design of image processing algorithms on FPGA / SoC
Embedded SW development on e. g. MicroBlaze / Arm
Development of our image processing platforms
Development of our interface technologies
Supporting circuit design support for FPGA boards
Your profile:
Completed studies in the field of embedded systems, communications engineering, electrical engineering, computer science or similar, graduates are welcome!
Experience in programming with VHDL / Verilog / C / C++ / HLS
Interest in electrical and opto-electronic systems
Ideally experience in the use and development of image processing systems
Experience with the Xilinx development environment VIVADO or Intel Quartus is of advantage
Good knowledge of English, interested in learning German
Enthusiasm of working in a diverse multidisciplinary team
Independent way of working
Living – or willing to move to the beautiful region of the Lake Constance
We offer:
Company pension scheme
Flexible working hours / home office
Catering allowance for canteen at the site
JobBike
Good access to public transport
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Chromasens GmbH
Max-Stromeyer-Str. 116, 78467 Konstanz, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -