Jobs by email
HeidelbergCement AG
Data Integration Engineer (f/m/d)
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Heidelberg Materials – Material to build your future
Heidelberg Materials is one of the world's largest integrated manufacturers of building materials and solutions with leading market positions in cement, aggregates, and ready-mixed concrete. We are represented in over 50 countries with more than 51,000 employees at almost 3,000 sites.
At the centre of our actions lies the responsibility for the environment. As the forerunner on the path to carbon neutrality and circular economy in the building materials industry, we are working on sustainable building materials and solutions for the future. We enable new opportunities for our customers through digitalisation.
For our HDigital department, we are seeking a Data Integration Engineer (f/m/d) to help in our mission to become the first industrial tech company in the construction and building materials sector. Digitalization is one of the transformational pillars to drive Heidelberg Materials into the future. Our digital efforts cross all our business lines and operations. We are setting up the infrastructure, developing digital products and customer solutions to help us be successful at our core business for several decades.
In HProduce we are creating the data foundation in the Azure cloud by syncing and harmonizing the data from our plants, laboratory databases as external vendors and SAP. The data is our foundation for the development of machine learning models, process optimization and operational excellence. In our work, we have close relations to our colleagues from Heidelberg Materials' Competence Center Cement, HConnect and partnering companies.
We are looking for an experienced Data Integration Engineer (f/m/d) to help us with integrating data from heterogeneous systems into the Industrial Data Platform of HProduce. You will be part of a strong team to take on this big technical challenge and contribute to Heidelberg Materials' ambitious digitalization and sustainability goals.
You will directly report to the Senior Manager SWE Beta. The position is located in Heidelberg, Germany.
Your next challenge
Responsible for ensuring that data from multiple sources is properly integrated into a target data product
Design and implement new data engineering pipelines with cloud tools and frameworks
Prepare and accompany the roll-out of our data pipelines and by ensuring data availability and consistency in our Data Lake
Work closely with infrastructure teams to deploy needed infrastructure
Communicate with different stakeholders
Contribute as a valued team member to testing, debugging, QA, and documentation of data pipelines and systems
Your profile
Must have:
University degree in Computer Science
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Data Integration Engineering working experience, ideally with Python
Willingness to learn new technologies and products
3+ years of experience with C#
Experience with Infrastructure as Code, ideally Terraform
Experience with SQL and relational DB systems (PostgreSQL, SQL Server)
Experience with the Azure stack
Nice to have (at least 3 of the following criteria):
Experience with data warehousing, infrastructure, ETL/ ELT and analytic tools such as Azure Synapse or Databricks
Experience with big data technology stack, for example, Time Series DBs,(Py-)Spark, Delta Tables etc.
Experience with multiple Big Data file formats (Parquet, Avro, Delta Lake)
Experience with time-series databases and streaming data processing
Experience with PySpark
Experience with CI/CD pipelines on Gitlab
Experience with Terraform and k8s
Our offer
Flexible working time models with up to 50% remote working within Germany
30 vacation days plus additional special vacation days
Attractive compensation with profit share/bonus, Christmas and vacation payment
Multiple learning & development options: support of job-related further training, E-campus, various technical and leadership development programs
JobTicket, JobBike and further special conditions and discounts for e.g. gyms
Company fitness room, various sports classes, health and prevention campaigns
Individual onboarding with buddy program as well as various networking initiatives (Network of Women, International Network etc.)
Modern headquarters next to the river Neckar with ergonomic workplaces and height-adjustable desks
Canteen with discounted and healthy meals
Bicycle and underground parking with charging stations - for e-bike and car
...and much more.
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HeidelbergCement AG
Heidelberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.