Jobs by email
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH
Consultant Group IT (m/f/d) – Enabling Services
Remscheid
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The Vaillant Group is a global market and technology leader in the fields of heating, ventilation and air-conditioning technology.
Join our team of 16,000 colleagues from more than 70 countries who work every day for a better climate – for people at home and the environment. We work on large-scale, innovative and strategic projects. With small, everyday gestures so that we can all play our part. Act global, work global. And become part of a global team. We sell our products in around 60 countries, using ten production and development sites in six European countries, as well as China.
Working for us makes you responsible for the future – your own, and that of our planet. We can offer you excellent conditions.
Consultant Group IT (m/f/d) – Enabling Services
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH | Remscheid | Germany
WHAT YOU WILL DO
As IT Product Owner for Enabling Services, you will work closely with the international departments to further develop a modern digital workplace and will be responsible for providing services for learning & training platforms, collaboration, and robotics & automation tools
You will independently analyze the business requirements, create concepts and implement them, taking into account the best possible solutions from a business perspective
As a project and sub-project manager, you will be responsible for selecting new software, defining the processes for application use in collaboration with the business and IT Technology Services, and coordinating the necessary activities within the framework of the product life cycle
You coordinate and commission internal and external service providers and solution providers to ensure the support of the applications
WHAT YOU BRING ALONG
You have a successful degree in business administration or computer science or a comparable (practical) qualification
Several years of practical experience in at least one of the following applications: JIRA, MS Project, ARIS or Celonis. In addition, initial knowledge of Robotic Process Automation is desirable
Good understanding of the integration of applications into the infrastructure with a focus on user and server management – combined with the willingness to learn and develop new solutions
You are characterized by a fast comprehension, analytical skills as well as a hands-on-mentality with a high degree of independence and entrepreneurial thinking 
You have strong communication skills, the ability to work in a team and like to work on your own initiative in an agile team
You have business – fluent English skills
WHAT WE OFFER
We offer our employees the opportunity to work up to 70% of their working hours on a mobile basis. In addition, they can work from a country of the European Union on up to 30 days a year
Constant learning opportunities for both technical and personal growth through a range of workshops, seminars, events and e-learnings
Our canteen and company health management are a matter of course for us (sports offers, fitness courses, company doctor)
CONTACT
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH
Menninghauser Str. 15, 42859 Remscheid, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.