Jobs by email
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
Head of Quality & Processes (m/f/d)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Vitesco Technologies is a leading international developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art powertrain technologies for sustainable mobility. With smart system solutions and components for electric, hybrid and internal combustion vehicles, Vitesco Technologies makes mobility clean, efficient and affordable. The product range includes electric drives, electronic control units, sensors and actuators, and exhaust-gas aftertreatment solutions. In 2020, Vitesco Technologies recorded sales of EUR 8 billion and employs almost 40,000 people at around 50 locations worldwide. Vitesco Technologies is headquartered in Regensburg, Germany.
Your tasks
The Head of Quality and Processes (m/f/d) in the IT Governance competence center is responsible for IT Process Management and the IT Quality Management System (QMS) and to drive, monitor and support the whole IT Organization to ensure IT quality & compliance, for Vitesco Technologies.
Your new responsibilities:
Lead and manage all core IT processes
Ensure adequate process quality is in place
Drive complex process development according to the needs of Vitesco Technologies
Develop and continuously improve an IT Scorecard to enable optimum decision-making for management
Consult and guide all relevant stakeholders to ensure processes are lived in the desired way
Ensure that proper processes are in place and in line with all legal, external or internal requirements
Drive and support the IT Organization regarding controlling processes like IT Risk Management, IT Audit Management and related aspects
Drive and support the IT Organization regarding all Enterprise IT Architecture Management related aspects
Your profile
Completed degree in the field of information technology, IT management or comparable qualification
Long term professional experience in leading teams and managing complex corporate IT environments
Long term professional experience in process management and quality management
Broad expertise in certified process frameworks like ITIL, COBIT et al.
Fluent English skills written and spoken, Fluent German skills are a plus
Profound leadership and soft skills that go in line with our corporate values: passionate, partnering, pioneering
Mature communication & presentation skills
Motivation to improve the status quo towards the best fit for Vitesco Technologies
Willingness to travel monthly (domestic and/or international)
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.