Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Rail In Train Network Architect / Communication Architect (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Rail In-Train Network & Communication Architect (m/f/d)
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY: Knorr-Bremse für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH München | nXBrake Lab | REQUISITION ID: 2742 | Full-time | Regular 
YOUR TASKS
Evolve the future of braking for autonomous train operation
Responsibility for architecting, designing, development and integration of real time Ethernet protocols and services for sub-system communication of highly dependable brake control systems based
Work with Product Management, Safety Management, CS Management, customers, stakeholders and suppliers to establish high-level solution intent ensuring fitness for purpose including the solution intent information models and documentation requirements
Ensure that solution intent complies with industry standards and regulations particular on cybersecurity requirements
Working in a scaled agile environment adopting a data-centric model-based engineering approach
YOUR PROFILE
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field
Track record of developing architectures and implementing communication based on Ethernet
Proficient understanding of industrial grade Ethernet, OPC UA, TSN, Fieldbus 
Strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to work in an agile team environment
Business fluent communication in English, fluent German preferred
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -