Jobs by email
Continental AG
SAP Junior Consultant (m/f/divers) - REF19932K
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary. 
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our area "Group Functions IT" at the location Hanover. As a SAP Junior Consultant (m/f/divers) your new tasks will be: 
Developing and configuring SAP HXM systems, troubleshooting and resolving incidents reported by customers in line with HR IT guidelines and procedures
Customization of SAP Success Factors Core HR
Applying new technologies, like SAP FIORI and RPA by analyzing HR business processes and assessing automation feasibility
Monitoring and ensuring a smooth integration between SAP SF Employee Central and SAP HXM backend systems
Acting as primary HR IT partner towards internal customers, determining business needs and implementing enhanced functionalities
Participating in or leading small and middle-sized projects or handling workpackages within the EMEA region and globally
Qualifications
Academic degree in Information Technology, Business Administration or comparable qualification with focus on IT
Professional experience within the field of HR technologies seen as an advantage
Motivation to gain experience in SAP HXM and SAP Success Factors systems from both technical and business point of views
Basic knowledge of SAP Success Factors and SAP HXM systems desirable
Business fluent English as well as good German language skills (written and spoken)
Quality-orientation as well as analytical and problem-solving skills with a proactive approach
Ability and willingness to collaborate and work in virtual teams
Excellent organizational and time-management skills
Intercultural sensitivity and good communication skills
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome
Additional Information
You are going to work 37.5 hours a week. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.
You can expect the following benefits:
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, training)
Mobile work environment based on our hybrid work guidelines
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across many locations in a globally active organization
Company pension plan
Inhouse child-care
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
Sabbatical options
  Click here to find out more.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Vahrenwalder Straße, Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -