Jobs by email
Klarna GmbH
Offensive Security Engineer - Red Teamer
BERLIN
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About Klarna
Since 2005 Klarna has been on a mission to revolutionize the retail banking industry. With over 150 million global active users and 2 million transactions per day, Klarna is meeting the changing demands of consumers by saving them time and money while helping them be informed and in control. Over 450,000 global retail partners, including H&M, Saks, Sephora, Macys, IKEA, Expedia Group, and Nike have integrated Klarna's innovative technology to deliver a seamless shopping experience online and in-store. Klarna has over 6,000 employees and is active in 45 markets.
On our path to becoming the world’s favorite way to shop, we’re assembling an unparalleled global talent network, accelerating individual careers, and disrupting entire industries. We are on a mission to liberate humanity from all the meaningless time spent managing their purchases and finances, so they can do more of what they love. We’re in search of global talent eager to embrace our atmosphere and defy their own expectations.
Engineering at Klarna is an inspired, customer-focused community, dedicated to crafting solutions that redefine our industry. Working in small, highly collaborative agile teams, you and your team will have a clear mission and ownership of an important outcome that supports Klarna and our customers. At Klarna we optimise for speed, quality, fast feedback, focussing on customers, end-to-end ownership, continuous improvement and experimentation. We aim for teams that are inclusive, helpful, and have a strong sense of ownership for the things they build.
You are a hacker. You love breaking stuff. You are also an engineer. We want to give you the freedom to work across the offensive space where it provides the most value.
What you'll get to do
Break into (and out of) all the things
Conduct red team assessments against internal, public-facing, and cloud assets
Develop offensive security tools for internal and public use
Provide expert guidance to developers, other security teams, and the SOC in investigating issues
Spread awareness of offensive security practices via demos, workshops, and training
Bounce between endpoints, cloud, IoT, and whatever else stands between you and the goodies
Make sneaky use of AD, LDAP, and any other sources of information you find
Assess Klarna's security through whatever means are best suited
Define what we focus on to provide the most value
Help further mature Klarna’s security program
To succeed in this role, we think you should have/be
Strong experience red teaming and performing other technical security assessments, with and without automated tools
Experience using a hacker’s perspective to help improve security in enterprise networks using a mix of macOS, Linux, and Windows endpoints and LDAP and on-prem/cloud Active Directory
Experience with cloud environments, particularly AWS, Azure and modern microservice design principles
Comfortable communicating findings clearly and effectively to both technical and nontechnical audiences, with concrete remediation recommendations beyond simple issue reporting
Experience programming and contributing to large and small projects in C, Go, Perl, or whatever other language is best suited to the task
Able to take initiative and be comfortable taking on projects that contribute to the larger security culture and posture at Klarna
You might also have
Industry recognized certifications
A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
Contributions to the larger cybersecurity community
What we offer:
Diversity & Community: With our diversity of skills, perspectives and backgrounds, we can create, innovate, and disrupt like no other. Diversity is part of who we are, and essential to our success.
Ownership & Impact: Here, every voice matters. We’re organized into hundreds of small teams, each run like a start-up, focused on their own problem-space.
Trust & Collaboration: Successes and failures are won together at Klarna in a melting pot of teams. Win, lose, and learn, we’re on this path together.
If you love what you do, you should love where you do it. We appreciate that everyone’s different and has their own preferences of where and how to work. We genuinely believe in the power of regular face-to-face interactions in building close connections with our teams, but we also strongly believe people can work effectively remotely. This means that combining both is the key to success.
At Klarna, You can choose between working from the office, remotely within your employment country, or even outside of it for up to 20 working days per year. Flex it up!
Challenges & Rewards: We take a very Swedish approach to benefits. Support for parents, health and wellness perks—we’ve got you covered.
It is our commitment that every qualified person will be evaluated according to skills regardless of age, gender, identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and age with the application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €