Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Semantic Technology Expert / Knowledge Engineer - Bosch Connected Industry (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
Working in the AIoT/Industry 4.0 environment, you will design and develop ontologies used in Knowledge Graphs to foster advanced data analytic uses cases.
You will support our Product Owners with requirements analysis and technical matters and will be involved in data architecture and design discussions.
Develop data and knowledge structures for improving data integration as well as enabling automated reasoning and inference within the Knowledge Graphs.
You will be responsible for implementing sustainable data pipelines to make it available in Knowledge Graphs.
You will translate business needs to technical specifications.
You will support further undergoing development of our Open-Source SDKs.
Your profile
Education: Successful completion of university studies in the field of information technology (computer science, etc.) or a comparable specialism
Personality: Good social skills and high-quality standards, self-motivated, assertive and a good communicator
Working Practice: Self-reliant, independent and solution driven, able to work in a team environment
Experience: Working experience in ontology and taxonomy building, in data/dataset and metadata management, in relational and/or graph data query languages such as SQL, SPARQL any other major Graph DB query language.
Expertise: Familiarity with OWL, with machine actionable languages, such RDF, linked data principles and standards, understanding of performance, and scalability concepts, passion to acquire deep knowledge on these topics, ideally experiences in programming / scripting languages
Enthusiasm: Interested in new challenges, current trends, and new technology
Languages: Good knowledge of English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Maybachstraße 6A, 70469 Stuttgart, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.