Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
OneCRM Service Product Owner (f/m/div.)
Wernau (Neckar)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Thermotechnik GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Wernau (Neckar)
Your tasks
As a part of our team you take product ownership for OneCRM product with focus on service part. 
You contribute to the product vision and work together closely with the product manager of OneCRM to define the right product roadmap based on business demand. 
Furthermore you manage the requirements (business, functional, non-functional) from the request to service area within the team backlog and work closely together with the agile team to deliver value in continuous releases. 
You manage the compliance of the product according to the enterprise guidelines and the Thermotechnology process landscape. 
Last but not least you take responsibility for the assessment of todays and future product requirements.
Your profile
Education: completed studies (Master, Diploma) in the field of Business Administration, Business Information Systems or comparable
Experience and knowledge: strong experience in leading agile/scrum product development teams and requirements engineering, several years of experience of product ownership for CRM applications (ideally deep knowledge of MS D365 platform, handling of Customer Service/Field Service modules, power platform, power apps/power automation), hands-on experience in CRM software development and technical design of IT solutions. Knowledge of SAP ERP solution (customer/material master) is an advantage
Personality and Working practice: excellent communication, organization and analytical skills as well as future and customer oriented, ability to translate customer insights into requirements for the design and development and the experience as product owner in an agile release train (ART) according to SAFe
Enthusiasm: you enjoy working in an interdisciplinary, dynamic, and international team, you inspire through your open and agile mindset with willingness to travel
Language: fluent in German and English written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Junkersstraße 20-24, 73249 Wernau (Neckar), Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.