Jobs by email
ZEISS
Product Security Officer Digital Products (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
The Product Security Officer (PSO) for Digital Products is a Global Information Security team member at Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and reports directly to the Senior Information Security Manager.
As PSO you manage, consolidate, prioritize and coordinates ZEISS Medical Technology digital products security needs planning, development, and operating phases.
You ensure that the products and the corresponding development and operating processes comply with state-of-the-art, the company's internal information security requirements, relevant standards, regulations and applicable laws.
You work on creating information security and data protection requirements based on protection needs analyses, threat modeling and risk analyses in cooperation with the respective development teams.
You coordinate with the respective development teams regarding technical implementation and prioritization of requirements.
You support the product teams in organizing penetration tests with external providers.
You are responsible for technically supporting the relevant products within the scope of the existing ISO 27001 certification process.
Ihr Profil
Education:
Bachelor or master’s degree in computer science/engineering plus additional relevant information security certifications (e.g., CSSLP, CISSP or other relevant)
Experience:
At least five years of experience in information security in an agile development environment (international scope of advantage)
Product lifecycle experience (digital healthcare products is a plus)
Knowledge / Skills / Other characteristics:
Ability to serve as the main point of contact between the enterprise architect and the security engineer and coordinates with system owners, common control providers, and other stakeholders on the alloca-tion of security controls as system-specific, hybrid, or common controls
Skill in determining how a security system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, or the environment will affect these outcomes
Working on enterprise, cloud native projects
Proactive communication skills
Experience in working on an international level
English fluent
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Steffen Volk
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.