Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Teamlead Sensorfusion (f/m/x)
Böblingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002EUI_EN
Tasks
In Group Research & Mercedes-Benz Cars Development (RD) we design the automobile generations of the future. By this we mean innovative products of the highest quality and efficient development processes. We are already working on vehicles that will ensure the technological leadership of the Mercedes-Benz Group in the future.
We are shaping the future of mobility at Mercedes-Benz by developing automated driving systems for highway and urban use. Our teams are inspired by current trends, find the best solutions for the customer and develop the latest and best core technologies to meet this challenge.
Become part of an agile and innovative team, which is ambitious to make our vehicles even safer and more autonomous to drive. We are looking for a talented, energetic and committed colleague (f/m/d) to lead a software development team for environment understanding in Sindelfingen.
In this role you will be responsible for leading the development and implementation of advanced perception and fusion algorithms. You will work closely with teams from the areas of environment perception, sensor fusion and behavior planning, evaluate technological concepts and ensure that our intelligent vehicles successfully master all driving situations.
These challenges await you:
Lead a team of engineers and software developers both technically and disciplinary to design, test and implement sophisticated sensor fusion algorithms for our upcoming products in the area of assisted and automated driving
Define and drive a vision for sensor fusion to enable best of bench systems in the area of assisted and automated drivin
Collaborate with other teams within the projects to ensure seamless integration of the sensor fusion solutions into the serial software product
Guide all technical aspects of development, in particular promote and utilize state of the ar technologies as artificial intelligence and machine learning
Create a team environment that promotes respect, inclusion and diversity to team members
Manage and continuously improve team performance and team development
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
Masters degree or higher in Computer Science, Robotics, Electrical engineering or related field
Strong background in sensor fusion, perception, machine learning and artificial intelligence, thorough understanding of ADAS technologies
Desire and passion to work on cutting-edge technology and staying up to date with the latest developments in the fiel
Enthusiasm for solving technical problems
Comprehensive unterstanding of software development methods as well as safety and certification standards (e.g. ISO 26262, SOTIF)
Several years of experience in disciplinary leading and managing engineering teams
Longtime of professional experience in the field of ADAS/AD or robotics, several years of which in large scale serial software projects
Ideally, established network in the research community
Business English skills, additional German skills are supportive
Personal skills:
Strong communication and leadership skills
High degree of initiative, independence and commitment
Thinking and acting in an entrepreneurial manner
Pronounced orientation for targets and results, customers and services
Experience in and passion for managing projects spanning across multiple globally distributed teams in an in multicultural environment
Negotiation skills, decision-making skills and conflict solving abilities
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71034 Böblingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.