Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
SAP PDM Application Architect (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As SAP PDM Application Architect you develop and roll out new Product Data & Product Lifecycle Management applications as part of the digital transformation of Bosch.
You design, lead and coordinate the conception and implementation of Product Master Data related requirements into our application landscape for Bosch worldwide.
Moreover, you understand the customer's domain and business needs in order to define business requirements, assess feasibility of realization; derive IT requirements and orchestrate the implementation.
You collaborate and work on eye level with internal customers, architects, international Development Teams and Software Vendors to define complete and consistent solutions and software designs for developing and extending application either via code or configurations.
In addition you lead requirements/process analysis workshops and IT Product/Service development activities.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in computer science or comparable professional experience in engineering with focus on IT
Personality: communicative, team player, target-oriented, self-organized, analytical, joy of working on complex topics in complex environment
Working Practice: analytical and solution-oriented, able to clarify complicated technical concerns to non-technical individuals
Experience and Knowledge:
experience in SAP ERP based PDM IT applications and the SAP ERP based PDM tool chain (S/4, ECC) with good understanding of Product Data Management objects (Material, Bill of Material, Document, Change Master) and Product Lifecycle Management processes
knowledge in Software Engineering
good understanding of interface standards and methods (SAP-to-SAP & SAP-to-nonSAP)
experienced in facilitating workshops with international customers, suppliers and stakeholders across all hierarchy levels;
Qualifications: collaboration and negotiation skills; leadership and project management skills
Languages: very good communication skills in written and spoken English and German language
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.