Jobs by email
Continental AG
Software engineer (Junior) – SCM applications (m/f/divers)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
About Continental
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary. With its premium portfolio in the car, truck, bus, two-wheel and specialty tire segment, the Tires group sector stands for innovative solutions in tire technology. Intelligent products and services related to tires and the promotion of sustainability complete the product portfolio. For specialist dealers and fleet management, Tires offers digital tire monitoring and tire management systems, in addition to other services, with the aim of keeping fleets mobile and increasing their efficiency. With its tires, Continental makes a significant contribution to safe, efficient and environmentally friendly mobility.
Job Description
Continental’s digital capabilities are growing every day. Our Supply Chain Information Technology Competence Center is the digital backbone of our company’s Tire business – and we want you to join us!
Our multinational, diverse team of technologists, mathematicians and business pros provides technology solutions to ensure that the more than 140 million tires Continental sells globally every year are produced and end up in the right place at the right time.
The team uses artificial intelligence, machine learning and advanced analytics to forecast customer demand and plan our global tire production. We’re ultimately focused on the customer experience and the continuous improvement of our supply chain.
If you love to build new, complex technology and optimize it, Continental is the perfect match for you.
In this exciting job you work on the following tasks:
Continuous optimization and enhancement of master planning, replenishment planning, sales & operations and inventory management
Supporting the design and development of supply chain solutions based on leading standard software
Guiding our internal customers through all project phases from analysis, design, implementation to solution rollout and operations
Contributing to strategies and concepts for our future supply chain solutions
Becoming a technical IT expert for Blue Yonder SCM solutions
Qualifications
Academic degree in computer science, business informatics, software engineering or comparable field of studies
Base knowledge and practical experience in the following technical domains: Linux environments; Shell scripting; Database programming
Personal interests for planning processes as part of business operations
High affinity for technical problem-solving using information technology
Professional working proficiency in English
Strong process-orientation and analytical way of thinking
Clear and efficient communication skills
Goal- and team-oriented working style
Open to travel up to 10-20%
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Please attach your portfolio to your application (as a link or PDF attachment).
Additional Information
The job in numbers: You are going to work 37.5 hours a week in a team of 8 people. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.
Being part of a global IT team of thousands of colleagues working on various innovations and tasks, there is always an opportunity to grow and move into different directions within our corporation.
On top of that you can expect the following benefits:
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, trainings or global internal Software Academy)
Work from home up to 3 days a week (unless workshops etc. require physical presence)
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
13 salaries per year
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across 3 locations in a globally active organization
Company and tariff pension plan
Health insurance
Assistance with child-care
Parent-child office
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
Gym on-site
On-site physicians
Sabbatical option
Payment under chemical industry tariff
3 extra days off for learning (called future value)
Possibility to take overtime
You would like to learn more about our benefits in detail? What we Offer - Continental AG
If this sounds like a perfect match for you and if you want to become the next supporter of our core values Trust For One Another, Passion to Win and Freedom to Act, we are looking forward receiving your application.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Get to know some of your new colleagues in Hanover already today IT needs you - the perfect match stories - Continental AG
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Hannover, Deutschland