Jobs by email
Vattenfall
IAM Application Developer
Berlin, Hamburg, Amsterdam, Stockholm
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
You would like to make a difference and work together with us on our big target to get fossil free within one generation?
Our 9 headed IAM team within Vattenfall IT manages and operates the identity and access management system of the entire group and provides the necessary skills and resources for business and IT projects. We manage a variety of systems within the Vattenfall IT landscape. Our goal is to always stay up to date and offer the Group trust, security and automation with new technologies. In line with our IT strategy and technological developments (e.g. cloud services, mobile workplace, automation of robotic processes, SaaS) and sourcing concepts (cooperation with a growing number of external partners and service providers), we enable IAM to stay at the cutting edge of technology.
For our IAM Team, part of Vattenfall IT we are now looking for an ambitious IAM Application Developer in Berlin, Hamburg, Amsterdam and Stockholm.
Our organization
Vattenfall is a European energy company with approximately 20 000 employees. For more than 100 years we have electrified industries, supplied energy to people’s homes and modernized our way of living through innovation and cooperation. We now want to make fossil-free living possible within one generation. To be able to reach this ambitious goal we are looking for talented individuals who, in addition to their passion for their own role, also have strong team spirit and want to contribute to supporting a meaningful corporate mission. 
What will you do?
In your role as an IAM Application Deveoper, you will work in business and IT projects and, of course, in our line organization. Are you interested in a dedicated IAM team with a good mix of local and international colleagues in which you can develop your skills? Then you can shape your own IAM career with us at Vattenfall IT by further developing a modern, stable and powerful IAM solution.
Your tasks and responsibilities:
Exciting and varied collaboration, together in an autonomous, highly motivated team
Support in the context of analyses, planning, design and implementation of IAM solutions from your development glasses
You advise and support our departments in the design of their solution architectures
Location  
Berlin, Hamburg, Amsterdam, Stockholm
Who are you?
As our IAM Application Developer you bring strong communication skills, an open mindset and a Interest in safety-related and technical topics. You've got a desire to work locally, but in an international environment and the motivation to take our IAM to the next level together with the IAM team. 
Next to this you bring:
The basis of your qualification is an IT education / study or a comparable qualification paired with IT affinity
A pro-active and structured way of working, your focus is on the quality of the results
Experience with .NET, C# and Javascript or would like to familiarize yourself with this
Additional experience and knowledge in the areas of IT security, IT infrastructure or SAP authorization management can be used well with us
You have experience with IAM technologies or IAM products is a plus
You have experience with agile working approaches in a self-organized environment is a plus
Our offer
Good remuneration, a challenging and international work environment, and the possibility to work with some of the best in the field. You will be working in interdisciplinary teams and you can always count on support from committed colleagues. We offer attractive employment conditions and opportunities for personal and professional development. 
More information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner