Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
CAM Expert / NC-Programmer (m/f/d)
München, Stuttgart, Karlsruhe, Berlin, Hamburg, Darmstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Your role:
Dassault Systèmes is the second largest software manufacturer in Europe and has been a dynamically growing, innovative company since 1981.
Do you have dreams? Do you enjoy challenges? Here at Dassault Systèmes, we empower people with passion to change the world.
As a CAM Expert/NC-Programmer (m/f/d) you will reveal and demonstrate to customers how to maximize the value of our portfolio. You will increase the DELMIA Machining business, through all the channels, by enabling and supporting our partners, ensuring key customer engagements, and marketing events. Understand the Machining market needs for simulation and programming, position and demonstrate the DELMIA 3DExperience solution.
Your responsibilities:
Pre-Sales activities: prepare and give demonstrations, answer RFPs, ensure POCs
Train and enable our partners, prepare and give training sessions, define the correct methodologies, support our partners
Post-sales activities: coach and support, customization
Support Marketing events and promote the full 3DExperience solution
Focus on DELMIA Machining (Milling, Turning, Mill-Turn) 
Expand also to other DELMIA topics such as Process Planning for Fabrication (Part Fab), Work Instruction, Additive Manufacturing, Execution, etc.
Your qualifications:
Bachelor or Master of Sciences in engineering or similar experience. Strong industrial engineering background in part fabrication and Machining
Advanced knowledge in the Machining domain: Milling, Turning, Mill-Turn (Theory and Practice)
Knowledge of Machining Simulation and Programming software, ideally on DELMIA Machining
Experience in analyzing and creating business processes models
Familiarity with collecting customer feedback on applications and giving advice on efficiency improvements
Experience in defining technical requirements and in demonstrating the functionality of software products
What's in it for you:
A permanent job in a sustainable, innovative, science-oriented international company 
An open, creative, dynamic work environment in a motivated team  
Varied challenging and rewarding tasks 
Attractive training opportunities, supportive colleagues 
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €