Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Requirements Engineer (m/f/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
be responsible for detailed recording, analysis and documentation of requirements for our next generation product software for ZEISS electron microscopes
take on – in close cooperation with product owners, application specialists, scrum masters and different software teams and hardware experts – the translation user and application requirements into software specifications for operating our microscopes with our “ZEN” software platform. With "ZEN" we set new standards for cutting-edge research and inspire our customers all around the world.
write features and user stories and maintain a high-quality backlog
moderate backlog groomings and drive estimation, prioritization and alignment of the working items
improve and implement standards and processes for an effective requirement engineering in an agile development environment
contribute as a part of one of our international teams of experts to the success of our products
Ihr Profil
a master's degree in computer science, physics or a similar subject
profound knowledge of requirements engineering methods, processes and tools, ideally in an agile development context
preferably several years of work experience in commercial software development for complex instruments or using such products for application development
excellent communication skills and define yourself as a good networker
the attitude to become a successful team player based on your organized, analytic and independent way of workingexcellent written and oral skills in English, knowledge of the German language is a plus
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Stefan Schmid
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.