Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior DevOps Engineer for AI Cloud Platform (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As Senior DevOps Engineer you coordinate and organize the development of cloud platform for AI applications and ensure its stable operations.
As part of a fusion team, you work closely with an international team of DevOps engineers and AI practitioners to shape the future of AI at Bosch.
Your experience in public cloud architecture and implementation helps you to orchestrate and automatically deploy the platform, which integrates existing IaaS and AI SaaS offerings on major public clouds.
Your know-how in the AI domain and/or GPU computing applications helps you to design, build and run the platform according to customer requirements.
As a part of your work you also ensure stable operations of the platform, e.g. by implementing monitioring and automation, integrating with other parts of Bosch IT infrastructure and meeting security and compliance requirements.
Your profile
Education: completed university degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Sciences, Engineering or related fields
Personality: reliable, goal-oriented
Working Practice: flexible, showing initiative
Experience: multi-year hands-on experience in designing, building and running complex cloud environments, orchestrating multiple services, Hands-on experience in software development and Infrastructure-as-code technologies; Experience in Data engineering, Machine Learning and/or GPU computing and HPC is beneficial
Knowledge: know-how in Cloud Technologies, Public Cloud Technology Stacks (MS Azure, AWS) and Infrastructure-as-Code technologies (e.g. terraform,) knowledge of Machine learning frameworks (e.g. scikit-learn, tensorflow), GPU computing (CUDA, cuDNN) and HPC technologies (batch schedulers, parallel file systems) is beneficial
Languages: business fluent English, German is a plus
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.