Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
MES Consultant (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As MES Consultant you are a part of the Connected Industry team within the central IT division of the Robert Bosch Group.
You actively shape and develop the Manufacturing IT solution portfolio of the Bosch Factories, within the Enterprise Architecture Standards.
Furthermore, you will work as a key driver in the MES implementation project for central developments in the Bosch Mobility area and do solution-based customer consulting including customer plants’ transition to the Bosch Manufacturing & Logistics Platform and S/4 HANA.
Lastly, you are responsible for the training / education of the departments, including the preparation of training material.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies with a focus on Information Technology, Engineering with Manufacturing Process Knowledge or relevant certification as an alternative
Experience: several years of relevant professional experience in the field of plant connectivity ME-System integration; trouble shooting experience in the MES shopfloor environment is a must; experience in improving technical IT teams work via methods, data and automation across the solution life-cycle
Know-how: deep technical understanding of integrated IT solutions; good technical risk and stakeholder management; proficient in requirement engineering techniques (both classical and agile methods); basic knowledge of networking infrastructure (Firewall, Load Balancers, Proxy, Cloud/Edge); functional knowledge of interfaces to hard- and software (notably SAP products)
Personality: reliable, team-oriented, flexible, communicative
Working Practice: self-motivated, analytical, structured, goal-oriented
Qualification: references of MES projects / consultant or tech lead; FMEA
Languages: excellent English and German skills are a must
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.