Jobs by email
Fresenius Kabi
Business Process Expert Procurement (m/f/d)
Bad Homburg bei Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 19 hours ago
Show salary
Save
We have a clear commitment: putting best-possible solutions in the hands of medical professionals, enabling them to find the right answer to the challenge they face. Fresenius Kabi is a driver of healthcare for the coming decade. We truly live diversity and value different backgrounds and motivations. Around the world, all of us are committed to our shared endeavor: caring for life.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better, ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
Fresenius Kabi is a global healthcare company that specializes in lifesaving medicines and technologies for infusion, transfusion and clinical nutrition. Our products and services are used to help care for critically and chronically ill patients.
The "Business Process Expert Procurement" is a key member of Global Procurement ­– Center of Excellence in the Team of Process & Governance and is responsible for the analysis of existing processes and the definition of new process flows and procedures within the process domain.
Your assignments
Planning and implementation alongside continuous process improvements, education and training of process participants worldwide
Ensure comprehensive, fully documented and timely communicated process documentation
Creation of system-based solution concepts for both business and process requirements
Responsible for process domain specific master data concepts
Define process and IT templates that meet business requirements and monitor compliance with process templates
Assist in the incorporation of business requirements while adhering to the BPM framework and complying with regulatory requirements
Close cooperation within the Process & Governance team, with the other teams and colleagues within the Center of Excellence and the entire Global Procurement organization
Your profile
First professional experience in Source-to-Pay (must have), ideally in the medical device or pharmaceutical industry
Experience with requirements in the validated environment (GxP)
Excellent analytical ability to view and evaluate processes across the board as well as a committed and independent way of working
Founded knowledge in process modeling – experience with ARIS is an advantage
Very good knowledge of MS Office and experience in the use of SAP ERP system or similar
Very good language skills in English
High willingness to travel to locations worldwide
Your Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Fresenius Kabi
Else-Kröner-Straße 1 1, 61352 Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.