Jobs by email
Statista GmbH
Senior DevOps Engineer | Statista Services (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Welcome to the global No.1 Business Data Platform!
With our high-end data platform and other various smart data analytic products and services, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions. Several oft he most successful international companies and institutions trust Statista.
Founded 15 years ago in Hamburg, we have quickly developed into a global company. In our 13 office locations, we employ over 1,100 colleagues from more than 70 nationalities.
In our international working environment, everyone is encouraged to contribute ideas to make Statista a special place to work.
Our culture, framed by clear goals and a supporting team, paves the way for us to stay a profitable, leading player in the market.
We look forward to welcoming you as part of our team!
Your Team:
For our three rapidly growing service areas, the company ranking business (Statista R, r.statista.com), market research and data analytics (Statista Q, q.statista.com) and our design and media agency (Statista C&ID, statista.design) we are building a new IT and infrastructure team.
Your Tasks
• Ensure the availability, performance, scalability, and security of our IT infrastructure
• Expand practices such as continuous integration, continuous delivery, and infrastructure as code
• Support for the integration, staging and live environments
• Management of resources and services in a cost-effective manner  
Your Profile
• At least 3 years of experience as DevOps or in a DevOps related role
• Good knowledge of maintaining Unix server infrastructures
• Experience working with a wide range of AWS technologies (e.g., EC2, ECS, RDS, S3, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, etc.)
• Proficiency in the Linux operating system (Debian/Ubuntu preferred) and the ability to read and write code in Java, JavaScript, PHP, or Python
• Experience in using various monitoring tools (e.g., NewRelic)
• Understanding and interest in the security aspects of operating a cloud infrastructure
• Fluent in written and spoken English 
Your Benefits
High level of autonomy 
Great opportunities for personal growth and responsibility 
Opportunity to grow quickly into mentor and/or leadership role 
Professional development  
Statista University - extensive training offer and individual coaching 
Extensive offer in the field of health promotion 
Dynamic, international team 
A team-oriented transfer of know-how 
Located directly within Hamburg's city center 
HVV Profi Card 
Home Office & Flextime 
Sabbatical
Visa Support 
Your Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Statista GmbH
Hamburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.