Jobs by email
ZEISS
Working Student in software development Python / React for a internal web application platform (m/f/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
   In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
   Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
   Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
   Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting solutions in a diverse, stable work environment that’s focused on the future. Join us in a modern work environment with an open and inspiring culture and colleagues! Want to drive the next generation of intelligent products? We are looking for passionate and talented students who want to make an impact by supporting the development of our internal web application platform for computer vision applications. Integrated in an agile team at the Corporate Information Technology department from whom you can learn, you will have the opportunity to work on the development of a next generation machine learning platform at ZEISS using cutting-edge tools and technologies.
What you will do:
As a working student, you will work side by side with your coworkers as equals in an environment which will allow you create the ideal conditions for your future career
You will tackle your own tasks either on the backend or the frontend-side of our cloud-based machine learning platform
You will extend our backend REST-API, develop automated tests and creating new components for our web-based frontend
You also will work close together with machine learning experts to integrate the latest machine learning technology in our platform In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development
Ihr Profil
A bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, physics, or related fields with an outstanding study record, and are currently enrolled at a university in Germany
A high motivation, creativity, flexibility, and a structured and independent way of working as well as good communication and presentation skills
Software development knowledge in or very good experience with Python, Django and REST-APIs and / or very good experience with Typescript, Javascript, React
Also, very good experience with writing automated unit and integration tests
A solid understanding of cloud infrastructures with Docker containers, Kubernetes cluster and continuous development/integration
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.