Jobs by email
SPECS Surface Nano Analysis GmbH
ERP System Support, Administrator (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
SPECS Surface Nano Analysis GmbH is the technological market leader in the field of surface nano analysis. The SPECS group is concerned with the development and manufacturing of innovative scientific instruments focussing on surface spectroscopy and –microscopy. The products are worldwide distributed under the brand names SPECS, Nanonis and Enviro. For almost 40 years SPECS provides single components and complete systems to international customers active in surface analysis, materials science and nanotechnology. As part of the LAB14 group, a subsidiary of the RSBG SE, the holding company of the RAG foundation, continuous innovation towards new market-taylored products and services is the core of its sustainable strategy. In total the SPECS group employs more than 160 specialists worldwide at its headquarters in Berlin, its subsidiary in Switzerland, and at the local SPECS-TII joint venture sales and service centers in USA and China.
Our small IT team is where the threads of the entire company come together. As an interface to all departments, IT is centrally created and managed here. Our IT- Team at our headquarters in Berlin (Wedding) is hiring with immediate availability for:
ERP System Support, Administrator (m/f/d)
Your tasks
The ERP system (APplus) and related applications are in your hands. You support, maintain, monitor and consult.
You take over the management of projects in the area of business software (ERP/FiBu/DMS).
You support the implementation of updates and release changes of the ERP system and the related applications.
You take over the support of the databases (MS SQL Server), create maintain individual queries, forms and reports for the ERP system, data imports and exports using SQL.
You create training documents and conduct employee training.
You provide organizational support for general IT tasks, create documentation and process flows.
Your profile
You have completed a degree in business informatics/computer science or a comparable education/qualification in the IT field and have several years of experience in the support of ERP systems. Knowledge of APplus is beneficial
You have in-depth knowledge in dealing with databases (MS SQL) as well as in SQL.
You have a cross-interface understanding of organizational structures and business processes.
Project management is nothing new for you.
You convince with an analytical, structured and independent way of working and enjoy getting deeply acquainted with a subject area on your own.
The ability to work in a team, strong communication skills and flexibility as well as a good command of German and English round off your profile.
Our proposition
You can expect to work in a friendly, respectful working environment.
You will experience transparent communication with open doors and ears, close supervisors and friendly and helpful colleagues in an international team.
You can count on a fair and attractive salary, a transportation allowance and an annual salary adjustment as well as a company pension plan with a subsidy and capital-forming benefits.
Enjoy a diverse job with interesting tasks and room for fresh ideas and independent action. Take advantage of our extensive development and career advancement opportunities as well as regular feedback sessions.
Balance work, family and free time through our very flexible working hours as well as long-term accounts and enjoy 30 days of vacation per year. You can also benefit from our health management and our own company doctor.
You can look forward to an ergonomically equipped, modern workplace, free drinks and fresh fruit.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
SPECS Surface Nano Analysis GmbH
Voltastr. 5, 13355 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -