Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Data Engineering Development Lead (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As Data Engineering Development Lead you are responsible for the general design and the development of the data layer for the Bosch wide strategic Logistics Data Analytics Solution
You define the overall technical blueprint for data pipelines as well as data models and conduct regular design reviews for specific pipelines or models
Coordination and enabling of a global Data Engineering Team
You consult our internal customer across hierarchy levels and technologies considering the Data Analytics landscape and available technologies as well as solutions for Data Engineering
Create and coordinate the creation of data engineering best practices and guidelines
Collaboration and alignment with our Solution Architect, Business Architects and Enterprise Architects
Your profile
Education: completed university studies in computer science, business informatics or equivalent experience
Personality: responsible, initiative, team player
Working Practice: analytical, resilient, independent, result oriented
Experience and Knowledge: several years of professional experience in a relevant position, excellent knowledge in SQL, advanced Azure (ADF, Synapse) experience, expertise in integrating ERP data (preferably logistics data) and building respective data models (e.g. star schema)
Languages: English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.