Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Expert Data Governance - Powertrain Solutions (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As a Data Governance Expert, you will be responsible for:
Leading the conception and technical implementation of a data governance strategy based on the DAMA Data Governance Framework and in the context of Big Data and IoT.
Driving the development and implementation of the data governance strategy from the perspective of the entire Powertrain Solutions (PS) organization and include different aspects like enterprise requirements, technology drivers, economics, business policies and data processing need.
Designing and implementing a cross-system concept to safeguard data quality. Owning the governance process and components such as glossary, metadata management and data policies.
Harmonizing and enforcing PS wide data architecture concept across PS business units and functions which belong to your area of responsibility.
Building strong international network in Bosch and collaboration with other Bosch divisions, Bosch Data Strategy team on data governance initiatives.
Consulting project teams, plants, and business units in data governance topics and in building/improving the data life cycle for their use cases
Your profile
Education: university degree (master's degree/diploma/PhD) with a focus on information technology or comparable education.
Personality: team-minded, independent, good communication and coordination skills, structured
Working Practice: agile mindset, high level of self-motivation, sense of responsibility, well-organized
Experience and Knowledge: several years of relevant work experience in the area data governance or applied data governance in an automotive context or in comparable industries, Domain expertise in Manufacturing/Engineering/Logistics will be an asset
Languages: very good English skills - both written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Wernerstraße 51, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.