Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Chief Scrum Master & Technical Lead - Communication & Marketing Mercedes-Benz Cars (f/m/x)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002EUQ_EN
Tasks
We make the Mercedes-Benz brands desirable and relevant - with enthusiasm and passion!
The Mercedes-Benz Cars Communications & Marketing unit (MS/C) is responsible for the global conception, implementation and steering of all communication activities and advertising strategies of Mercedes-Benz Cars. We creatively steer our luxury brands across all customer touchpoints and efficiently optimize communication for our customers by means of data-driven and measurable activities. We do all that with the clear goal of creating and deepening our customers’ enthusiasm and desire for the brand.
If you are motivated to contribute to these exciting and diverse topics, are a strong team player, and enjoy a problem-solving and solution-oriented environment – then you've clearly come to the right place!
As part of the Digital Innovation & Data Factory team, you will be able to immerse yourself in a wide variety of data projects along the entire customer journey and have the chance to actively drive them forward. You will be part of the first central Data Factory in the Marketing & Communications unit and thus make a valuable and sustainable contribution to the digitization of the division and actively shape its cultural change. Agile working methods in a cross-functional team set-up offer the perfect working environment to drive the development of analytical products and use cases. In doing so, we pursue a clear vision: Through excellent in-house support for data projects, we will contribute to a desirable and data-driven brand presence.
Your tasks include:
Technical lead for the Data Worker Team and direct contact person for the Digital Innovation & Data Factory team lead
Innovator, architect and contact person for the entire Data Factory team for all technically and methodologically relevant topics and issues
Support in recruiting, esp. in defining job descriptions, conducting interviews and assessing candidates
Support in the identification of development needs of the team and individual team members, as well as their optimization and solution
Stakeholder management (to department management, project management, steering committees, product owners, development teams, other units, etc.)
Responsible across projects for proper coordination of implementations and implementation/execution of agile methodologies, e.g. in the form of sprints, etc.
Coach for product owner, scrum master and development/implementation teams
Further tasks:
Moderator, mediator and "translator" between product owner/specialist and development/implementation teams and/or technical experts and developers
Advise and support the product owner/specialist teams in developing the goals/vision of the final product, gathering and describing technical requirements, managing the backlog, communicating progress, and methodological issues/topics
Provide strategic and operational advice to product owners/subject areas, on data & analytics related topics, with insights from the available data base
Documentation of business-relevant and technical events and decisions
Application of digital/agile methods, such as Design Thinking or Scrum, e.g. also in Discovery Workshops, Backlog Refinements, Sprint Plannings, etc.
Networking with relevant data analytics areas within the company to optimize data analytics processes and practices
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
Successfully completed studies in computer science, business informatics, mathematics or comparable disciplines
Proven experience as a functional/technical lead or disciplinary leadership responsibility of a team with a team size of at least 5 people
Several years of experience as (Chief) Scrum Master or in a comparable role in a data-driven work environment (e.g. in the automotive industry, management consulting, media agency, software or start-up industry), incl. expert knowledge of agile methods (Scrum, SAFe, Kanban, etc.)
Knowledge and experience in planning and managing complex data analytics projects
IT understanding to translate business requirements into technical concepts and/or coordinate with technical experts
Knowledge desirable in Data Engineering, Data Science and/or Data Analysis & Visualization, or specifically in e.g. SQL, Python, Databricks, Data Lake(house), Power BI, etc., ideally in combination with the use of cloud solutions such as MS Azure or AWS
Knowledge or experience desirable in marketing & communications
Business fluent English and German language skills
Personal competences:
Servant leadership with excellent communication skills and an empathetic appearance
Passion for data and using it to make informed data-driven business decisions in the digital marketing environment
Creative drive, creative problem-solving skills and motivation to make a difference
Strong teamwork skills, enthusiasm and high level of commitment
Willingness to learn and enjoy quickly familiarizing yourself with new areas of responsibility
High level of technical and digital understanding
Exceptionally high analytical and conceptual skills
High level of personal responsibility and willingness to perform
Very good communication and presentation skills
In a nutshell: Why is the Digital Innovation & Data Factory Team the right fit for you?
You can expect a great deal of creative freedom and many development opportunities, in a highly motivated and international team that is currently being built up
You will have the opportunity to actively shape the team and be involved in the hiring processes of new joiners
Many exciting projects of the entire marketing and communication area are waiting for you, which can be assigned specifically according to individual skillset and topic enthusiasm
You will work on and with state-of-the-art data lake(house), analytics & AI technologies with interfaces to cross-functional data teams from neighboring areas
Regular team building measures, e.g. in the form of already established Learn & Teach sessions across the entire MS/C area
Opportunity for flexible work arrangements (time and location): We are convinced that a healthy work-life balance leads to better work results and strengthens the team spirit
We are looking forward to your application!
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: SBV-Zentrale@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
70565 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.