Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Security Risk and Accreditation Engineer
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
In order to support our Cyber Security Activities,  Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a
Security Risk and Accreditation Engineer (d/f/m)
You want to protect Defence and Aerospace assets from cyber attacks?
You are looking for an opportunity to work on innovative projects and to grow? 
Airbus Defence and Space Cyber is looking for someone just like you to join our team!
The Cyber business of Airbus Defence and Space is a European specialist in cyber security for defence and aerospace assets and systems. More than 450 cyber professionals based across our offices in France, Germany, the UK and Spain are leveraging our Airbus DNA by developing products and solutions for customers, based on state-of-the-art trusted technologies.  Our mission is to design, develop, integrate and deploy tailored cyber security products and solutions for defence, governmental and institutional customers, and to provide operational support all along the system life cycle.
You will support the team and our customers during the design and requirements definition phases of aerospace projects.
This role is also available with reduced weekly hours and an adapted scope of tasks.
Your location
Our site is just a stone's throw away from Munich, the beautiful capital of Bavaria. Are you into sports and other outdoor activities? The Alps and Lake Starnberg are within an hour's reach, offering a multitude of recreational options.
You can also start working at our locations in Friedrichshafen (Bodensee) or Manching (Ingolstadt)
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Kindergarten close to the site, medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, laundry services, gym
Your tasks and responsibilities
System Design of IT infrastructure focused on Security aspects for aerospace applications as well as developing designs and performing requirements engineering for IT Infrastructure
Participating in Security risk Assessments, driving Security risk analysis processes and risk monitoring as well as reviews 
Define and/or tailor Security Certification and Accreditation processes for aerospace applications
Aligning and communicating IT Security Designs and requirements with system designers across engineering disciplines in the aerospace domain
Participation in European cybersecurity defence projects and collaboration with both governmental and private international partners
Desired skills and qualifications
You are educated to a degree in cyber security, computer science, electrical engineering, information engineering, aerospace engineering, communications or similar
You are familiar with Stack ISO-OSI 
You may have a certification as ISO 27001 Lead Auditor and/or knowledge of ISO 27002 and/or certification as Risk Manager ISO 27005
You may have experience with design of safety-critical systems and components in the aerospace domain
You may have experience with security space accreditation and/or security system engineering for IT infrastructure 
You are familiar with with OS architectures, their services and implementations
You are able to integrate yourself into multi-disciplinary project teams with a potentially agile working mode while being able to work autonomously at the same time  on specific security-related problems
Your English language skills are very good, German would be a plus
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
München, Deutschland