Jobs by email
BRUSA HyPower AG
Software Test Engineer (m/w/d) Unit & Integration
Buchs
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Our passion for technical challenges drives us every day. With around 400 employees at our sites in Switzerland, Germany and China, we develop and produce the most innovative power electronics for the E-Mobility.
BRUSA HyPower AG, based in Buchs (Canton St. Gallen), was founded in 2021 as a spin-off of BRUSA Elektronik AG.BRUSA HyPower specializes in electrical energy conversion systems such as DC/DC converters and onboard charging systems. The company develops power electronics products for on-highway, off-highway and stationary applications for its international customers.
E-Mobility is the future. Become a part of it! Join us immediately or by arrangement as a 
Software Test Engineer (m/w/d) Unit & Integration
What you will move in this role:
You are responsible for the design, implementation, performance and administration of the Unit and Software Tests as well as the testing infrastructure
You contribute to the architecture  reviews and ensure with the project team that software requirements are considered
The coordination of all software test levels in collaboration with the quality- and test department is part of your tasks as well
You take the responsibility for the documentation of the requirements and verifications
You proactively contribute to the development of the software quality strategy 
What skills and experience you should bring:
You successfully completed your studies in computer science, communications engineering or a comparable subject
You have demonstrated professional experience in the development and integration of software test with Tessy and Vector Tools (CANoe, CAPL)
You have at least 2 years of professional experience developing software utilizing various coding languages including C, Perl and Python
You have good knowledge about digital circuit technology
Your way of working is structured as well as precise, you have an analytical approach, very good organizational skills as well as an excellent team spirit
Your English and German skills are very good
What makes us unique:
Organizatonal culture
Internationale teams
Cooperative working climate and team spirit
Culture of innovations
Regulat employee events
Training and development
Support for interna and external training and education
Orientation and development
Secure employment
Good sompany pension scheme
Flexibility
Flexible working hours via our flextime model
Reconconcillation of career and family
40h/week and 30 days vacatrion
Sustainability
Take responsibility towards our society and environment
Free charing of e-cars
Support for employe's purchases of new electric technologies
Further benefits
Coffee and water for free
Regulat offer of fruit and cake
Free parking spaces
We are passionate about E-Mobility and have the vision to make a positive contribution to our environment and society. This drives us every day to realize innovative ideas in global teams.
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
BRUSA HyPower AG
Buchs, Schweiz