Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Cyber Security Manager – Steering, KPIs and Dashboards (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As Cyber Security Manager for Steering, KPIs and Dashboards, you will be responsible for designing and implementing cyber security reporting and steering capabilities in the corporate cyber security governance department.
Your drive the definition and development of cyber security metrics, KPIs and the visualization in dashboards.
You actively collaborate with teams across the organization (central functions and business units) to identify data sources needed to design/calculate metrics, drive automation of data gathering, data cleaning, data presentation/visualization to allow data-driven decision making and prioritization of efforts.
You interpret internal policies, and external good practices/standards and integrate them into metrics.
Your profile
Education: Completed studies with a focus on information technology, risk management or comparable qualification, preferably with a PhD
Personality: High communication competence, team player
Working Practice: Analytical thinking
Experience: Working experience with a focus on cyber security governance or operations, Metrics and KPIs, risk management, policy setting or equivalent
Knowledge: Capabilities for data analysis, data visualization and automation, Comprehensive understanding of the evolving threat landscape
Languages: Very good German and English skills
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.