Jobs by email
QIAGEN GmbH
Quality Manager (m/w/d) – Computer System Validation (CSV)
Hilden bei Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
At the heart of QIAGEN’s business is a vision to make improvements in life possible.
We are on an exciting mission to make a real difference in science and healthcare. We are still the entrepreneurial company we started out as and have today achieved a size where we can bring our full power to many initiatives and to our presence across the globe. 
Our most valuable asset are our employees – more than 6000 in over 35 locations around the world. Our ambition is to ensure we have outstanding and passionate people working in the best teams and we are constantly looking for new talent to join us.  
There are few players who have shaped the world of modern science and healthcare as much as QIAGEN, and we have only just started.
If you are looking to advance your career, are seeking new challenges and opportunities, enjoy working in dynamic and international, diverse teams and want to make a real impact on people’s lives, then QIAGEN is where you need to be.
Join us. At QIAGEN, you make a difference every day.
JOB ID: EMEA02497
Deine Aufgaben
Position Description
Part of our global Computer System Validation Team in Quality Assurance and point of contact for GMP compliance in our IT system landscape.
Monitoring and assessment of all GMP relevant changes in our IT change control system according to the global IT change management process
Controlling and review of all validation activities and ensuring all necessary documentation in our quality management system.
Identification of optimization potential according to regulatory requirements and innovations and continuous development of the CSV processes and methods.
Consulting and interface between business and IT in all quality-related IT processes and data integrity
Justification of a GMP-compliant validation of the computerized systems in audit
Dein Profil
Degree with major focus on IT, engineering, sciences or equivalent and longstanding professional experience in GMP relevant environment
Very good knowledge of CSV processes and methods, 21 CFR Part 820 and Part 11, as well as ISO 13485, Annex 11 and GAMP 5, skills in test automation in a GMP environment would be an advantage
Solution-oriented mindset as well as the ability to deal with conflicts and assertiveness
Strong communication skills across different departments and hierarchies in fluent English, German would be an advantage
Was wir bieten
At the heart of QIAGEN are our people who drive our success. We act with passion, always challenging the status quo to drive innovation and continuous improvement. We inspire with our leadership and make an impact with our actions. We create a collaborative, safe and engaging workplace which forms the basis for high performing individuals and teams. We drive accountability and entrepreneurial decision-making and want you to excel your growth and shape the future of QIAGEN.
QIAGEN is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, or disability.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
QIAGEN GmbH
Hilden, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.