Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Software Architect - Flight Simulation (d/f/m)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
We develop top notch, high fidelity Engineering and Training Simulations for a variety of aircrafts, supporting the entire development lifecycle. We are looking for a Software Architect to reinforce our simulation team in Manching. You will be responsible for defining and implementing complex simulation architectures for our next generation aircraft programs. You will work in an international environment and require close coordination with internal colleagues, stakeholders and external partner companies.
Your tasks and responsibilities
Design and implement complex software architectures for engineering and training flight simulations
Translate high-level system and system-of-system requirements into tangible architectures
Breakdown architectures into work packages
Design and agree interfaces with other work package of industrial partners
Support Systems Engineers in translating the architectures into requirements
Support engineering change management from the technical point of view
Desired skills and qualifications
Bachelor or higher degree in software development or similar discipline
8 years of experience in software development
Hands-on proven simulation & software architecture track record
Excellent English (negotiation level)
Experience in the Aviation / Simulation / Defence industry would be beneficial
Relevant Products and Technologies
C++, Python, QT
Continuous Integration: Jenkins
Linux, Windows
Visual Display Systems / Image Generation
Sound systems
Hardware / Software in the Loop (HILS/SILS)
Virtual Engineering
Test Systems
Training Simulators
Synthetic Environments
Distributed Systems
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
85077 Manching, Deutschland