Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Competency Lead SAP Customization Supply Chain SD (m/f/d)
Hamburg, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Köln, München, Leipzig, Berlin, Düsseldorf, Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
As a competency lead (m/f/d) you are part of a product team and therefore deeply involved in developing efficient features as well as leading and developing the skills of a small team within the same technical skillset.
Your tasks
Leading and developing your team to achieve agreed and measurable business results
Coaching other colleagues in solving technical problems at the operational level and in terms of methodological skills and competencies
Strong focus on skill development within your team
Development and optimization of complex, customized SAP solutions to support all business processes in the supply chain environment based on SAP S/4 HANA Retail
Definition and implementation of integration scenarios in a hybrid SAP system landscape using modern integration tools, such as SAP PI/PO, SAP HANA Cloud Integration, OData Services, etc.
Involvement in architectural descision processes
Requirements
A degree in IT or business administration, technical environment, or equivalent training/experience
Excellent knowledge of modern SAP processes in the SD environment and related modules (MM, FI, LE)
Knowledge in Advanced Returns Management (SAP ARM) in an advantage
First servant leadership skills to motivate and grow people / coaching capabilities
Very good expertise in working with SAP systems and customizing processes in a hybrid SAP landscape
Experience working in agile product teams, DevOps methodologies, and continuous delivery with a focus on optimizing customer value
Experience in supporting and coaching colleagues
Strong problem-solving skills and focus on continuous improvement and innovation
Very good written and spoken German and English skills
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. 
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €