Jobs by email
Continental AG
Senior Software Project Manager (m/f/d) REF19885S
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.
Job Description
Main scope of SW Project Manager (m/f/diverse) is to plan, conduct, track and control the SW subproject within a development project. The SW PM is the main interface to the overall Project Manager (m/f/d) and is responsible for the successful performance of the SW work products in terms of time, efforts and quality. The SW PM reports to the SW Management and to the Project Manager (m/f/d). The SW PM (m/f/d) shall closely cooperate with the QMP SW to define and apply the project quality assurance measures.
The position is to be filled in the area of Chassis Control Units.
Tasks and Responsibilities:
Effort estimation and time scheduling (coordinated with the Project Manager (m/f/d))
Responsibility for SW R&D budget
Tracking of the SW project progress and project controlling, project reporting
Ensuring conformity to processes (ASPICE, ISO26262)
Contributing to the risk management of the project
Defining or adjusting SW releases
Prioritizing and assigning SW activities to team members (m/f/d)
Deciding on problem reports (accept/reject) and on their solution
Approving or rejecting completion of SW activities
Representing the SW discipline in MLC/Gate reviews and internal/external meetings
Contributing to define the review status for object/milestone reviews this role participates in
Escalating obstacles, which cannot be resolved within the team to an appropriate management level
Reporting to SW Management
Team building and staffing
Central SW contact for customers
Qualifications
Academic degree in electrical engineering, computer science or a comparable qualification (software emphasis)
Professional experience in software development and in a position similar to software project manager (m/f/d)
Experience with project management methods, processes and tools
Experience in working in a worldwide decentralized RnD organisation
Lead and coaching of a highly distributed software development team
Knowledge in software architectures (esp. AUTOSAR, MCAL, MICROSAR Safe OS)
Knowledge in embedded software development with multicore application as well as with multicontroller system
Knowledge in software development processes (V-Model, ASPICE)
Knowledge in agile software development (SCRUM, KANBAN, SAFe)
Knowledge in software requirement & configuration management as well as in respective tools (DOORS JAZZ, Git/GitHub)
Knowledge in functional safety (ISO 26262) up to ASIL D
Knowledge in cyber security (ISO 21434)
Business fluent German and English language skills (written and spoken)
Very good communication and moderation skills
Team player (m/f/d) with intercultural social skills
Passion for software and personal commitment
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
You are looking for an individual working time model? We support part-time work.
Additional Information
Next to the interesting daily work the region around Regensburg is offering a high recreational value and quality of life
Extensive benefits at the location such as different canteens and cafeterias, a continuing education and training, health management, etc.
We are promoting lifelong Learning combined with personal and professional development
For an improved work-life balance we support you with various initiatives for a better compatibility of family and career
Furthermore, you will have the option of a flexible work schedule model
Diverse topics and projects as well as insights into the Automotive industry
You are looking for an individual working time model? We support part-time work
You would like to learn more about our additional services? Click here.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €