Jobs by email
Continental AG
Trainee IT Continental Tires (m/f/d)
Korbach
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary. With its premium portfolio in the car, truck, bus, two-wheel and specialty tire segment, the Tires group sector stands for innovative solutions in tire technology. Intelligent products and services related to tires and the promotion of sustainability complete the product portfolio. For specialist dealers and fleet management, Tires offers digital tire monitoring and tire management systems, in addition to other services, with the aim of keeping fleets mobile and increasing their efficiency. With its tires, Continental makes a significant contribution to safe, efficient and environmentally friendly mobility.
Job Description
During the eXplore Tires Manufacturing IT Trainee Program (m/f/diverse) (eXplore Tires Manufacturing IT Graduate Program - Continental AG), you will get a global insight in the following fields:
Local functions in the Plant:
Introduction to major technologies and machines in our Tire Plant
Introduction to production processes, rubber technologies, material flows and IT systems, their interfaces and relevant dataflows to gain a deep knowledge of the production processes
4 months Shopfloor experience including shift work
IT/Manufacturing projects within the plant 
Rotations to other departments to get an insight into the collaboration of all departments
Establish and maintain a network throughout the plant
Trainee pool in our headquarter in Hanover:
Central projects (Manufacturing IT, Manufacturing/Engineering, R&D, central functions)
Specific training plan in order to gain technical knowledge, competencies and capabilities in the processes of the manufacturing IT environment and to develop an understanding of the tire business and structure
Profound knowledge about central systems architecture 
Establishing a network with the central departments and international trainees
Qualifications
Above-average Bachelor or Master Degree in IT or tech-affine studies, e.g. Computer Science, Engineering
Practical experience in an industrial related working field through internships, (part- or full-time) employment or projects
Enthusiasm for Smart Manufacturing, Digitalization and Internet of Things
International experience through study abroad, internship or working experience in an international environment or engagement in international associations
Fluency in English and German
Project experience desired
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, a committed team player eager to work in a multicultural environment
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
What we offer: 
An agile and modern work environment in a worldwide team. Passion to win.
Lots of opportunities to contribute to your plant's success and let your ideas shape the future. Trust.
Self-organized projects & tasks with business relevance in strong partnership with colleagues from all over the world. Freedom to act.
Close personal and remote support & guidance with local and central consultants & coaches. For one another.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Continentalstraße, 34497 Korbach, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -