Jobs by email
ZEISS
Global Process Owner Workday HCM and Security (m/w/x)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
As part of the global Process Owners Team, you will be responsible for the Design of Workday HCM Processes and consult, support and train the globale HR-Community as well as
You will be the Subject Matter Expert for the Redesign of the Workday Role Design and responsible to build up a Security Community for Workday as well as for establishment and roll out of new Guidelines and Governance Concept for Security
You will be responsible for the assessment and management of HCM and Security Change Requests for Germany and the globe. This includes the execution of Proof of Concepts (HR-related view and WD-view), Planning of Projects / CRs in alignment with Process Owners, Creation of Design Concept, Quality Assurance, Budget Controlling, Training… in close alignment with internal und external Implementation Teams and other relevant Stakeholder
Ihr Profil
Degree in the field of Business Administration, HR Management, Business Informatics or similar
Over 5 years of professional experience in the field of HR Management, Process Design and Engineering, Employee Lifecycle Management, Project Management and Process Optimization
Over 2 years hands on experience working with Workday HCM and Security
Solution-oriented mindset
High IT affinity
Analytical and conceptual thinking
Strong in organization and communication skills
Fluent in written and spoken English and German
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
10589 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.