Jobs by email
Bonial International GmbH
Team Lead Software Engineering (f/m/x)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Bonial helps you save time, money and paper!  
We are digital advertising partner for offline businesses - we support retailers in their marketing activities and help them find a new audience. Would you like to join and be a part of digitalization of retail?
As our new Team Lead in Sourcing & Normalization, you will be:
Responsible for leading a team of talented engineers and working students.
Creating a mid- & long-term strategy for the team.
Working with a variety of technologies, including Java, Python and AWS.
Collaborating closely with Product & Development teams on company initiatives by building easy to maintain and scalable solutions.
Ensuring we build the right things: technical decisions are taken at the right time, with the right people and fit the global architecture.
Ensuring we build things right: system availability and stability, quality of service, compliance and security.
Coordinating projects, ensuring our quality standards.
Responsible for the growth of team members.
A coach and mentor for your team, holding frequent one-to-one meetings.
Responsible for a safe and healthy team culture, leading to team performance and quality of life.
Responsible for transparent communication and a culture of trust within the team.
Managing Individual performance, expectations and continuous feedback.
Looking for opportunities to improve and help the team reach the goals.
What you should bring with you:
Experience in leading a team or ambition to lead a team. 
Proven experience as a software engineer.
Excellent communication skills.
Experience in managing and mentoring engineers (including providing feedback and guidance in career growth).
Agile mindset and experience with modern development practices.
A constructive, helpful mindset, enjoying a functional engineer support role.
A curious attitude and the desire to challenge and be challenged!
What we can offer you:
Diversity - proud to be an equal opportunity workplace where we aim to enable everyone to show up as their full selves. We are committed to equal employment opportunity and to being a safe space regardless of race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender, gender identity or gender expression. 
Development - strong support for your professional development with an internal Learning Hub and a feedback culture to help you identify your strengths and opportunities. 
Wellbeing - we believe mental health is as important as being fit. That's why we're giving you free access to Nilo, a mental health app. And we can also offer you a corporate pension scheme so you don't have to worry about your retirement. 
Sustainability - together with our Green team, we offer you the opportunity to engage in projects that promote sustainability, environmental development and the impact that we make on our planet. 
Flexibility - we offer flexible hours, a hybrid setup where you need to be in the office at least 3 days per month, and have the option of working from abroad 30 days per year. We offer 28 days of holiday, additionally, you get an extra day for each calendar year (up to 30 days) and other occasions (moving, working on a social project, etc). 
Modern office - Zen Rooms where employees can pray, relax or simply have some quiet time; fully equipped gym in the office; and a roof terrace for amazing social events. 
Free lunch – whenever you’re at the office, we currently offer you different lunch options – and it’s all on us! Hot and cold drinks, fruit, and other snacks at the office are, of course, also free for our employees.   
Social Culture which encourages people to start conversations, build relationships and participate together in the community through regular team events. 
If you think you could fit the bill, we'd love to hear from you! 
You can check out our Bonial_people Instagram or read more about Bonial culture and tech on Medium. 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bonial International GmbH
Hussitenstraße 32-33, 13355 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -