Jobs by email
Riverty
Data Governance Engineer (m/f/d)
Berlin, Stockholm, Amsterdam, Oslo, Tallinn, Baden-Baden, Verl
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
A world where business meets the needs of humanity. Where financial technology makes a difference. Where everyone is in control of their own financial story. At Riverty, we're building it, together. A team of more than 5,000 experts in 13 countries, we're finding smarter, simpler, seamlessly connected ways to manage money. From flexible payments to smarter accounting and debt collection, our holistic solutions empower everyone to live their best financial lives. It's time to enter a new era of economic freedom.
Everything we do, starts with you.
Together with you, we build the most human-centric fintech. We have the ambition to create the next. And - with Bertelsmann - a strong foundation to start from. Let's make it new - for society and for yourself.
Riverty offers customers payment solutions that make everyday life simpler!
Our solutions contribute to a flexible and customer-friendly payment alternative, offering customers (m/f/d) the opportunity to choose when and how they want to pay for a purchase. Delivering a trustworthy and positive shopping experience, both for retailers and end customers makes us proud but not content. Our ambition is higher and now we have a great opportunity for a Data Governance Engineer (m/f/d) to join our growing team.
We are looking for a
Data Governance Engineer (m/f/d)
(unlimited, full-time) in Berlin, Stockholm, Amsterdam, Oslo, Tallinn, Baden-Baden or Verl with 80% Mobile Office
to enable data driven business insights while adhering to all compliance guidelines globally to seamlessly deliver best-in-class consumer applications across our streaming properties.
This role requires acute attention to detail, a strong sense of accountability, collaboration and understanding of large-scale cloud data platform infrastructure. In this role you will work directly with analytics, data architecture, and data engineering stakeholders to ensure our data ecosystem maintains the highest standards for data quality across our global footprint.
Tasks
Support data quality roadmaps, strategy, and procedures for adhering to facilitate data lifecycle management and data stewardship best practices with a focus on improvement of data quality, common understanding, and the protection of sensitive data through modifications to governance metrics, processes, related tools, and data architecture.
Participate in discussions with business and data stakeholders globally to ensure clarity, consistency, understanding and adoption of standard definitions for business metrics and KPI's.
Assist in compliance audits for key issues related to GDPR, PII, legal guidance, and other financial regulations.
Serve as an interface between data stakeholders across the organization to ensure alignment, communication and understanding of new and evolving definitions for business metrics and KPI's.
Develop, implement and document data policies, standards, and procedures for new data environments as well as for data quality including data catalogs, etc.
Develop and deliver data quality training across the organization including the implementation of quality-oriented controls and frameworks.
Help to optimize the data security systems in accordance with the company's data protection policy, applicable legal requirements, and security policies.
Profile
At least 5 years of experience in large-scale Data & Analytics solutions with relevant experience in defining and implementing data governance and quality best practices, documenting data flow & process mapping, or a data steward responsible for the metadata management, data quality KPIs, etc.
Experience working with regulatory compliance frameworks such as GDPR and CCPA.
Extensive experience and knowledge of data governance strategies, data quality and data protection management practices.
Expertise in risk data architecture and technology solutions, and experience creating data glossaries.
Strong communication skills and the ability to explain processes or choices as needed to stakeholders.
Technical knowledge of modern data governance concepts, data modelling and data management.
Hands-on experience in Microsoft Azure technology stack (Synapse, Analysis Services, SQLDB, ADLS2, Power BI) and data catalog tools like Purview.
Excellent English language skills, German is a plus.
Exceptional initiative and strong analytical thinking with a problem-solving attitude.
Ability to drive innovation and to solve complex tasks in a dynamic and challenging environment.
Possess the ability to balance multiple priorities in an agile team.
You are a team player.
This would get us excited but the lack experience of shouldn´t keep you from applying:
Experience with the financial industry, especially in Buy Now, Pay Later and Debt Collection.
Experience with Purview.
We offer
At Riverty, we offer you modern workplace models with 80% Mobile Office globally. For more flexibility and freedom.
With us, life balance is not just something we claim, but something we live, and you can do the same in many European countries where we are operating. Riverty helps you to arrange your working life in the way that suits you best. Big city or small town? You can choose to work remotely and still stay connected with your team virtually. And if it gets too quiet at home, you can just drop by our tech hubs in Berlin and Tallinn, or any of our 13 locations across Europe.
At Riverty, we are as diverse as society itself. We have great people from more than 25 different countries around the world - creating the most human-centric fintech together. With us, you can be who you are.
Culture? Easy: Open and at eye level, trust instead of dislike, cooperation instead of lone warriors. You will work in cross-functional, agile, dynamic teams with a start-up spirit. At the same time, you will benefit from all the opportunities within the Bertelsmann Group.
Take time for yourself and your health. With sports and leisure activities we support your wellbeing.
We want to grow together. With trainings from the Riverty Academy and individual training opportunities we support your development.
Because we appreciate what you do. For us. For our customers. Check our many employee discounts. To sweeten your everyday life.
More information on riverty.com/careers. Are you already convinced? Then we look forward to receiving your online application - with just a few clicks.
We look forward to applications from candidates who contribute to the diversity of our company. We relate diversity in particular to the dimensions of cultural or social origin, religion, age, disability, gender and sexual identity.
Company: Riverty Group GmbH
Country: Germany
State/Region: Berlin
City: Berlin
Postal Code: 10623
Job ID: 254726
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Certificates