Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Research on 6G Key Technologies (f/m/div.)
Reutlingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Reutlingen
Your tasks
Our objective is to pave the way for the successful adoption of 6G at Bosch through cutting-edge research and early innovation activities, focusing on the integration of 6G technologies in different vertical domains. This includes integrated communication and sensing, distributed AI/ML, digital twinning or edge computing.
You do research on 6G key technologies and their integration as well as optimization into relevant Bosch domains.
That's where you actively contribute to relevant standardization activities in 3GPP, to the identification of new business opportunities and the development of a holistic 6G strategy.
Part of your job is also a close collaboration with leading academic institutions and other companies, e.g., as part of publicly funded projects.
Last but not least, with other experts in an interdisciplinary team you take care of the implementation and validation of selected aspects via simulations and possibly as part of appealing proof-of-concept demonstrators.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in Telecommunications, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or a comparable subject, ideally with a PhD
Experience and Knowledge: proven track record in mobile/wireless communications, especially on the PHY and MAC layer; ideally first experience with B5G/6G technologies and developments, such as integrated communication and sensing; first experience with standardization in 3GPP or similar organizations as well as good understanding of 3GPP standards is a plus
Personality and Working Practice: highly motivated, positive team player with an innovative mindset, passion for applied research, willingness to take
responsibility and desire to create impact on the ground, openness to travel worldwide
Languages: very good communication skills in written and spoken English
Application deadline up to and including 4th of march 2023.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Tübinger Straße 123, 72762 Reutlingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.