Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Infrastructure Software Architect / Service Owner (f/m/d)
Essen, Hannover, München, Frankfurt am Main, Würzburg, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a changemaker (f/m/d) and join our team as a Infrastructure Software Architect / Service Owner (f/m/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe.
We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Your task
Responsibilities
Service Ownership of one or multiple internal services for infrastructure management (e.g. software solutions, APIs etc.) and their lifecycle (incl. operation and changes)
Lead the discussion and align solutions with other Service Owners, Business Stakeholders, Group Architecture etc. to build solid standards and integrated solutions
Ensure progress of the development team(s) to ensure consistency with the initial design
Support the transformation of classical infrastructure services to cloud agnostic/native solutions and standards (e.g. infrastructure as a code) and automated solutions for deployment
Designing, documenting, and specifying the overall software structure, core elements, and properties by understanding the software requirements, constraints, interfaces, and dependencies.
Your profile
Qualifications
Strong knowledge of cloud agnostic/native software best practices, design and maintain development practices, coding standards (e.g. Ansible/Terraform/Crossplane) etc.
Solid development skills e.g. in multiple programming languages, design patterns and architectural styles, api design
Solid understanding of IT infrastructure, networking, security architectures and related process knowledge
Experienced in agile ways of working (e.g. DevSecOps, SCRUM)
Preferred bachelor or master's degree in computer science or equivalent experience
Business fluent in English
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.