Jobs by email
Daiichi Sankyo Europe GmbH
IT Audit Director (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Passion for Innovation. Compassion for Patients.
Daiichi Sankyo and its 16,000 employees in more than 20 countries are dedicated to the creation and supply of innovative pharmaceutical products. In Europe, we focus on two areas: In the cardiovascular space, our strong portfolio of medicines reflects our long-standing commitment and shows that we care for every heartbeat; in oncology our goal is to become a global pharma innovator until 2025 by providing novel therapies to patients across the world. Our European headquarters are in Munich, Germany, and we have affiliates in 13 European countries.
For our European headquarters in Munich we are seeking highly qualified candidates to fill the position:
IT Audit Director (m/f/x)
The position:
Become a member of the Internal Audit team in the Daiichi Sankyo Europe Group. Transform your career into the next level, the role is very much sound, autonomous, value adding, and growth orientated.
The position is to deliver and lead audits, with minimal supervision covering all businesses and activities of the Daiichi Sankyo Europe Group including the affiliates across Europe. A strong focus is placed on IT audits. The role will also include the assessment of IT Internal Control over Financial Reporting (J-SOX).
The overall objective of the position is to provide independent and objective risk assurance and internal consulting services to stakeholders within Daiichi Sankyo Europe as well as the European headquarter based in Munich. The position is required to adapt to business needs and may, periodically, involve supporting audits for the wider Global Internal Audit Department.
Key responsibilities:
Perform IT Audits (operational and system IT audits)
Analysis and evaluation of IT-supported business processes
Project-accompanying testing and quality assurance in IT projects
Regular testing of IT Internal Controls over Financial Reporting (J-SOX)
Provide internal consulting (advisory) services to the organization
Execute and perform miscellaneous engagements (non-IT) in close collaboration with other team members
Prepare audit reports for engagement stakeholders and present audit results to Management
Professional experience and personal skills:
University Bachelor and/or Master's degree in IT, Business Informatics, Engineering Sciences, Economics, Finance, Business Administration or equivalent qualification
Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in IT Audit/IT Advisory or have comparable experience from industry (e.g. IT compliance, CoBIT, ITIL, IT security)
CISA and/or CIA Certification would be a plus
Digital mindset
strong analytical, problem solving and decision making skills
Ability to handle and prioritize multiple complex projects and tasks simultaneously and to work independently
Personal integrity
High degree of confidentiality
Fluent in English and German (both oral and written communication)
Willingness to travel internationally (up to 25%), primarily within Europe
What we offer:
Excellent Benefits
Work-Life Balance
Growth and Development
Health and Wellbeing Support
Working at Daiichi Sankyo:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Daiichi Sankyo Europe GmbH
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.