Jobs by email
tesa SE
SAP Finance Control Consultant (m/f/x)
Norderstedt, Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full-time
What you will do
The Competence Center Business Partner Functions is globally responsible for the further development and operation of the applications used in Finance and Controlling. This includes applications such as SAP S/4 HANA, SAP ERP, Psinova, SAPPER.
We are looking for an inhouse consultant (m/f/x) with a focus on finance and controlling who works independently and shows a high degree of initiative. You should be proactive and creative, pragmatic and goal-oriented in your approach and think and act in an entrepreneurial manner. 
You can expect the following tasks:
Digitalize the finance and controlling processes based on a modern SAP landscape
Working in an international team based in Hamburg and Singapor
Participation and leading of IT projects to improve finance and controlling processes on an international level
Manage and implement the demands coming from the Global Process Owners
Manage and provide the third level support for FI/CO
Creation of concepts in cooperation with the finance & controlling department 
Implementation of new processes and solutions in SAP ERP and S/4HANA Finance and Controlling (Customizing)
Independent process analysis, creation of ideas for process and system optimization incl. implementation
Coordination of external service providers
Tracking market trends and state-of-the-art solutions as well as performing benchmarking
What you will need
Completed university studies (business informatics, industrial engineering, economy are financials) or comparable training
Several years of professional experience in the IT environment
Very good knowledge of customizing the SAP modules FI & CO and the integration into processes and modules 
Very good knowledge of finance and controlling processes 
Assertiveness and willingness to take on responsibility combined with an independent way of working
High analytical competence and business process thinking
Very high communicative competence, also in an international environment
Very good written and spoken English- und German skills
What you can expect
At tesa, we create sustainable adhesive solutions that improve the work, products and lives of our customers.
How we do it? At tesa, we dare to create! Therefore, we team up, we challenge ourselves and we set the pace. But we don’t just do that somehow. We act responsibly and always focus on our customers. Because only then we are able to achieve our goals and continuously improve our results.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and regard diversity as important for our long-term success. We expressly reject all forms of direct and indirect discrimination. All qualified applicants will be equally considered for employment regardless of their national origin, background, personal preferences and believes.
By applying you consent for the use of your resume for future opportunities within tesa.
If you want to find out more about tesa please visit us on our corporate web-page www.tesa.com and social media.
We offer:
Attractive remuneration
Flexible working
Further education and development perspectives
Interdisciplinary and cross-departmental career opportunities
Occupational pension provision
Numerous offers for employees, such as health promotion, sports and leisure activities, employee discounts, and much more (including tesa Bike, the company's own fitness studio, prevention options)
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates