Jobs by email
ZEISS
Demand- & Portfolio Manager (m/f/x)
Aalen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT: in close coordination with stakeholders outside and inside IT, you verify IT projects and requirements of individual units as well as departments and lead the decisions for inclusion in the IT portfolio
You plan and initiate the implementation of these projects together with the requester, taking into account the available IT budget locally and globally, the global IT strategy and capacity planning
You will take care of the related decisions, approvals and initiation of IT-Demands during the fiscal year
DEMAND MANAGEMENT: in the area of Business Enablement & IT, you will be responsible for the complete IT demand process - from quality assurance of submitted demands, moderation of the decision-making committee to documentation of decisions
You are responsible for the tool used, Jira, and are also responsible for its optimization/further development
You are the interface between the business units and IT and also manage the necessary coordination with Corporate IT as well as the PMO activities
BUDGET & FORECAST: You not only have the topics but also the associated costs on the screen
You control the annual budget planning as well as the cost controlling during the year and dovetail both with the ongoing prioritization within the portfolio
Ihr Profil
A degree in computer science or a similar field, alternatively a successfully completed commercial apprenticeship or comparable experience from professional practice
IT affinity or solid IT knowledge
first experiences in project work
first experiences with Jira are desirable
fluent German and English
willingness to take on responsibility as well as the ability to work in a team, commitment and resilience
a high degree of assertiveness, analytical skills and organizational ability
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Elhan Kolic, Rabea Heinz
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73431 Aalen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.