Jobs by email
ZEISS
Head of Application Engineering (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people. Join us and shape the software future of ophthalmology (diagnosis and treatment of eye disorders) and microsurgery. It is our mission to contribute to the progress of medicine, enabling more efficient and cost-effective treatment workflows and providing access to high-quality medical care to as many people as possible. Together we create the ZEISS Medical Ecosystem, a fully integrated environment where a combination of devices, data management, applications and services drive continuous improvement of patient outcomes. For our customers, we develop based on the Health Data Platform, clinical applications and workflow solution. As Head of Application Engineering, you
Provide direction, mentoring, and leadership to a diverse team of 10 software developers
Develop the skills and tech best practices of the development teams to meet the requirements of the future and enable team members’ professional growth
Guide the architecture dissensions for several products
Guide and provide direction to external developers and development teams to optimize efficiency
Establish a productive development environment for internal and external software development teams
Understand and drive techniques for improving productivity, including promoting efficient agile delivery structures with multiple agile teams
Collaborate with peers and support teams to ensure optimal DevOps
Follow technology trends and maintain a state-of-the-art development framework
Ensure the best development strategy, and provide feedback on development cost and project risks
Implement creative hiring strategies for team growth
Part time employment is also a possibility
Ihr Profil
Relevant degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field
10 or more years' relevant experience
A proven track record of successfully leading and developing software development teams
A proven track record of successfully executed projects and release of products
Experience with on-premise solutions, cloud-native software architecture, Azure preferred and web technologies
Experience as SW architect for medical software
Knowledge in agile methodologies
Strong problem solving and communication skills
Ideally work experience in health care or similar, regulated area
Fluent in German and English language skills
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Sabrina Rieker
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.