Jobs by email
ZEISS
3D Computer Vision Scientist (f/m/x) in part-time (50-80%)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Your Mission: Bringing Computer Vision Methods into Next-Generation Systems
Our task as ZEISS Corporate Research & Technology is to look for new technologies and markets beyond the horizon of our business. As our new 3D Computer Vision Scientist, you will be responsible for monitoring the technological advances in your field. Based on your deep understanding, you will then evaluate what technologies are suitable for our core markets and prototype innovative solutions. In this way, you will play a key role in bringing innovative solutions to fields such as medical technology, vision care, the semiconductor industry, and life science research.
What We Offer
The flexibility to tailor your working hours to your needs
An environment that places a high priority on your personal development
A variety of career opportunities including a technical expert ladder and leadership roles
The possibility to bring in your own ideas and initiate new projects
The possibility to closely interact with the academic community
The opportunity to join an experienced and interdisciplinary team of scientists
The possibility to interact with all business segments of ZEISS
A modern working environment with a mix of on-site and remote workdays
A secure, permanent contract with an attractive corporate pension system
Ihr Profil
You enjoy conceiving innovative solutions
You enjoy taking a system-level perspective and bringing together software and hardware solutions
You have solid understanding of 3D computer vision including technologies such as 3D scene reconstruction, object tracking, 6D pose estimation, and robotic perception
You have a master's degree in Computer Science, Robotics, Mathematics or similar – a PhD is a plus
You have a relevant academic track record or at least 4 years of related industry experience
You enjoy taking responsibility
You have strong communication and presentation skills in English and German
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg), Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.