Jobs by email
Sysmex Europe SE
International System Administrator/Fachinformatiker (f/m/x) Windows OS
Norderstedt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Are you looking for more than just a job? Something truly significant and worthwhile? Then Sysmex is the right place for you. Our products are needed. By people all over the world, for a healthy life.
If this appeals to you, come and join us in the position of
International System Administrator/Fachinformatiker (f/m/x) Windows OS
Windows administration with PowerShell is your passion? Then join our team. Become part of our project to raise our customer services in the laboratory environment to a new level. Discover the versatility and internationality of the tasks in one of the leading medical technology companies. Grow together with our solutions and become an expert in remote management and monitoring (RMM) in the medical device environment.
The main tasks in the team are:
Testing candidates for a new software solution in the field of RMM
Implement the new solution and rollout in the EMEA region 
System administration of the new software platform 
Design and orchestration of the rollout of maintenance and security measures 
Creating new services that add value for our customers and our sercive organisation 
  Your impact
This role will develop your experience and skills related to remote management and monitoring for customer environments, which include critical infrastructure
Remote service expert in an international environment. Responsible for the communication with our affiliates in the EMEA region, you will learn how to develop, maintain and utilise the governance structure in an international environment
Development and expansion of our remote management platform. With the introduction of a new remote management platform, you will help shape the future and grow with the challenges as we expand our services
Expertise in product security in the IVD environment. As the IVD environment is strictly regulated area with its own rules and regulations, you will become an expert in knowing, understanding and applying the regulations during your daily operations
Cross-team collaboration. As our services are important for all product lines, close cooperation with all product departments and the involvement of our affiliates’ experts is part of your daily business
Your profile
At least 3 years experience as system administrator with focus on Windows OS
Strong knowledge of Windows operating systems
Distinct skills and knowledge in writing PowerShell scripts with a focus on administration
Hands-on technical security skills, operational background, and working experience with security technologies
Very good (English) communication skills
Accurate work style
Our offer
  A growing and healthy corporate group with respect and trust as the basis for cooperation and communication
As family friendly company we support flexible working time, offer a care allowance for children as well as a parent-child room at our premises
A family atmosphere as well as innovative working in an international environment
30 days annual holidays as well as Christmas and holiday bonus
Capital-forming benefits and subsidy towards the company pension scheme
Flexible working times/flexitime as well as the possibility of hybrid working – 60% mobile office/ 40% on-side
Subsidy towards the public transport “ProfiTicket”, free parking for all employees, service bike leasing via JobRad
Diverse range of sport courses in our own fitness studio and massages
Canteen/free beverages/fruit
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Sysmex Europe SE
Bornbarch 1, 22848 Norderstedt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.