Jobs by email
Tecan Software Competence Center GmbH
(Senior) Software Project Manager*
Wiesbaden
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Our purpose.
At Tecan we are driven to improve people’s lives and health. We do this by empowering our customers to scale healthcare innovation globally from life science to the clinic. We collaborate with our customers from early-stage innovation through project implementation and beyond. We deliver the products, services and solutions that make lab processes and medical procedures precise, reproducible and compliant.
Stay unique and make it count.
Our values – trust, highest standards and ambition – are the cornerstones of our business and provide the framework for Tecan's culture. We foster a positive and empowering environment where our rarest assets, our unique employees, can grow and bring their passion and talent to work.
Join Tecan! Join the market leader!
Work in an international and dynamic environment, share our success!
Ever wondered how your skills and unique background could impact the world of tomorrow? Join our R&D team and bring your passion and talent to work.
(Senior) Software Project Manager*
Wiesbaden, Germany
Your contribution
You drive our software product development and improve and expand modular platforms. It is your responsibility to develop best-in-class software applications in the medical device area. Your project team includes cross-functional Scrum teams of software and verification engineers, usability and quality Engineers.
Be responsible for the implementation of a software project and the lead of one or multiple agile software team(s) in design, implementation and testing of the software parts of our products and solutions
Ensure the project quality, timelines and budget
Implement and resolve technical customer requirements together with multi-site project teams, product management and international customers
Work closely together with international development partners
Measure project performance using appropriate tools and techniques
Apply classic and agile project methodologies like Scrum
Control the design, implementation and documentation of new software functionalities in a technical environment
Your background
We’re not just looking for hard skills: We’re looking for people who bring their passion and talent to work.
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in IT or other related experience
5+ years of experience working in the software development with strong technology background
3+ years of project management experience
Strong expertise of modern infrastructure and workplace technologies
Experience in the fields of automation, robotic systems and/or hardware-near development
Fluent English and German skills
What makes working at Tecan unique
The chance to make it count and to have an impact on the world of tomorrow
Working in an international and diverse environment
The chance to grow your career within the company
Feel empowered by our strong and unique company culture
Comprehensive compensation and benefits package
Look no further and apply now!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Tecan Software Competence Center GmbH
Peter-Sander-Straße 41 a, 55252 Wiesbaden, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -