Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
Senior UX Designer (m/f/d) fixed term contract
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Introduction
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading online job platforms, we help everyone to find the right job. Therefore, we need you!
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a Senior UX Designer (m/f/d) to support us for one year with the possibility to go perm. Working with the Product Teams, you will be designing best-in-class, customer-focused products. You will be involved in a range of markets within StepStone and expected to improve user experiences, creatively solve problems, and design for fresh opportunities.  
You will be part of a fun international team of engineers, product managers, researchers and analysts whose sole purpose is to serve our users. You will lead the design of the user experience of our products, working closely with other members of the UX and design team across the world.  
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community.
Please let us know, if we e.g. should use a gender neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process.
We are always interested in working with great people. Just click the "I'm interested" button - we look forward to meeting you!
Your Tasks
1. Overall activities 
Provide time estimates and ensure that work is completed on time. 
Act as Lead UX Designer’s delegate as necessary. Support Lead UX Designer in defining and policing standards. 
Troubleshoot and provide appropriate solutions as and when problems occur. 
Coach and support UX Designers. Review their work against our quality standards. 
Design interfaces that work across all supported browsers and platforms.  
Design for accessibility and using our design system. 
Work with UX Researchers to define usability testing to refine concepts and designs. 
Maintain a highly-organised level of working standard – adhering to our working practices and helping us to develop them to become more efficient and effective. 
Advocate for user’s needs and tasks. 
Balance desired user outcomes with business strategies and KPIs. 
2. Development support 
Brief and work closely with Engineers to resolve any issues based on technical constraints. 
Collaborate with the development team to ensure the proposed UX is feasible and that the technical design and architecture support it.  
Ensure development is aligned to the user experience and our Design Principles. 
Reach reasonable and pragmatic compromises whenever necessary, ensuring objectives are still being met within timescales. 
3. Continuous improvement 
Contribute to the improvement of User Experience processes within the team and across the business. 
Build your own knowledge of latest technologies and User-Centered Design through attending events and sharing knowledge with teammates. 
Take insights and learning from research and analytics teams to steer future development. 
Transfer knowledge across brands and initiatives. 
Your Profile
4+ years solid, demonstrable background producing high quality, accessible and fresh interfaces and designs. 
A portfolio that shows how you define and solve user problems. 
Applied knowledge of information architecture and interaction design. 
Strong knowledge of User-Centered Design. 
Experience in collaborating with research teams to gain a deep understanding of user needs and incorporating these into solutions.  
Experienced in going from concept to final execution and leading others on that journey. 
Practical and advanced experience with UX tools, preferably Figma and Axure. 
Experience designing for multiple screen formats, understanding the similarities, differences and constraints when designing for iOS, Android, and web. 
Experience using design systems and working in an agile culture.
Desirable but not required 
Experience working within a marketplace ecosystem or two-sided marketplace. 
Experience working agency side in a client-facing role. 
Your Benefits
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally. 
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues. 
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays. 
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off. 
Our location? We're easy to reach - whether by car, train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your parking space or job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably. 
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role. 
Fancy a coffee? Our coffee is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day. 
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office. 
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentive trips, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too! 
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
10243 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates