Jobs by email
Lufthansa Technik AG
Product Owner (m/f/diverse)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
Lufthansa Technik is the world's leading provider of maintenance, repair and overhaul services and modifications in the aviation industry. With more than 20,000 employees and over 30 international subsidiaries, the Lufthansa Technik Group offers a full range of aircraft technology services to around 800 customers around the world. What makes us so successful? We do. The people at the Lufthansa Technik Group. Whether engineering, IT or logistics, first-year apprentice or highly specialized professional - we not only keep aviation in motion. We are working on its future every day. We are innovators, technoholics and those who think aviation forward. Our pioneering spirit discovers the next horizon even in the smallest detail. We are Aviationeers. What about you?
Tasks
From the management of DevOps teams to the identification of business requirements and the testing of the latest technologies - we digitize the aviation industry. And we do it with enthusiasm! We are directly involved in the product with a hands-on mentality. We are agilists and innovators. We are Aviationeers. What about you?
As a Product Owner (m/f/diverse) at Lufthansa Technik you're 
being responsible for internal digital microservices along their lifecycle in an agile DevOps production system
defining requirements for the internal microservices in collaboration with business stakeholders
developing roadmaps, describing solutions in user stories, prioritizing implementation packages and managing development processes
functional leadership of agile development projects for internal microservices and responsibility for their introduction
further developing the digital strategy of the business unit
implementing data science use-cases and proof of concepts in sandbox environments (Python), if necessary
Requirements
To excel in your new role as a Product Owner (m/f/diverse) at Lufthansa Technik you should bring the following qualifications:
completed studies, preferably in the field of business informatics, industrial engineering or economics with a strong IT connection
relevant experience in the rollout of cloud-based IT products and the development of digital business models
profound knowledge of agile product and project management methods
business fluent English skills
good IT skills
willingness for business trips within Germany and abroad
please send all your documents in english or german translation
Benefits
Old-age provision / employee retirement
Profit sharing / LVV (bonus)
Free parking
Lufthansa shares
Flight privileges
Canteen (subsidized by employer)
Jobticket
Service phone
Discounts / shopping
Hybrid working possible
Flexible working hours
Doctor‘s office
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Lufthansa Technik AG
Weg beim Jäger 193, 22335 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -