Jobs by email
ZEISS
Master thesis: Trajectory Planning for Surgical Robots using Imitation Learning
Eggenstein-Leopoldshafen
Bachelor dissertation / Master thesis
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Turning today’s research into tomorrow’s applications – together
With a clear focus on user needs, the ZEISS Innovation Hub @ KIT explores new technology and application fields, enabling the transformation of ideas into innovations. Here, students, researchers, entrepreneurs, and ZEISS employees meet at eye level and practice an open-innovation culture.
For our team of researchers and engineers, we seek a master student supporting our research and experiments for robot trajectory planning and tool-soft-tissue interactions using Imitation Learning based on pre-recorded and annotated trajectories for a surgical task.
Your role
review literature in the field of IL-based trajectory prediction and planning
work with pre-annotated surgical trajectories (both robotic and human)
design and implement an Imitation-Learning framework for soft-tissue trajectory planning
evaluate your approaches with existing simulations, phantom models, and post-mortem tissue
work with researchers and engineers in a collaborative environment at the newly built ZEISS Innovation Hub Karlsruhe, right on site of the KIT-campus north
Ihr Profil
a study place in the field of informatics
programming knowledge in at least one of the following: Python, C++
knowledge of Pytorch / Tensorflow is a plus
knowledge in one or more of the following fields: Tissue modelling, Imitation Learning, Dynamic Movement Primitives
excellent organization, problem-solving & communication (English and/or German)
a collaborative working style, which is essential to conduct this project
If you would like to know more about this role kindly contact studenten@zeiss.com.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
76344 Eggenstein-Leopoldshafen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.