Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Business Partner - East Platform Transformation (f/m/d)
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a changemaker (f/m/d) and join our team as Business Partner East Platform Transformation (f/m/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe.
We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Your task
This new unit aims to engage all regional E.ON Businesses in their journey to modernise and/or create a state-of-the-art commercial platform serving our customers.
Your Tasks and Responsibilities
We are running a European scale transformation program, which needs you to successfully manage it with the regional Digital Technology (DT) organisations. You are going to work closely with central and regional teams in a collaborative manner to plan, set-up projects and deliver it according to our roadmap
You will widely use your program- and project management skills and commercial platform consultancy skills
You develop and align a Digital Sales Platform target picture across CEE units and sales organizations
You develop and implement cross-regional project roadmaps to achieve group-wide Digital Technology (DT) and regional DT project targets
You advise local DT organizations and provides expertise on platform development, program structure and governance
You prepare and drive forward mutual decisions on priorities and budget allocation with regions and central DT planning functions
You drive Digital Sales platform implementation within East or West or Central region and enables regional teams to develop blueprints for others
You understand and reflect the individual local needs and derive actionable local and central KPIs for short and mid-term impact
You perform benchmarks and carry best project and implementation practices into the regions while constantly challenging the status quo with market insights
You support the Senior Business Partner as Single Point of Contact (SPoC) for the East organization as well as a SpoC for the central Vendor and Partner Management organization
Your profile
Completed degree in a relevant field (e.g. economics, business, IT or similar)
Significant relevant professional experience in project or program management assignments, agile project management certificates are preferred
Comprehensive understanding of EONs corporate strategy and the operational needs to bring it to live
Strong understanding of commercial IT platforms from technological aspect; understanding of energy business preferably of more than one country
Deep knowledge about tools and concepts of program and transformation management as well as significant experience in, digital change management initiatives
Personal strengths are reflected in a strong ability to think ahead and a distinctive capability to understand complex situations and develop solutions
Excellent team- and self-motivation skills
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to build networks, both within the company and externally
Excellent command of English and preferably another relevant language
Our benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
45131 Essen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.