Jobs by email
Bachmann GmbH
Projektmanager (m/w/d) im Bereich Digital Performance
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Project Manager (m/f/d) Digital Performance
The BACHMANN Group is a globally operating family business in the electrical engineering sector with its headquarters in Stuttgart. With around 800 employees, the BACHMANN Group develops, produces and sells innovative electrotechnical components and systems such as intelligent power distribution units or desk connection panels. Become part of the BACHMANN community!
Your Responsibilities
·       In your role as a Project Manager (m/f/d) you are in charge of IT and digitalization projects, including monitoring through all project phases with regards to time, quality of work and resources as well as budget controlling and evaluation.
·       As a future oriented pioneer, you will contribute to operationalize changes and implement them sustainably and effectively.
·       You will manage and work on demanding projects, define methods and standards in co-operation with our PMO and actively develop them further.
·       You work closely with the Head of Digital Performance, managing interfaces to all areas of the company.
·       Typical projects include the implementation and rollout of Microsoft D365, management of digital initiatives and integration of new companies into the digital world.
Your Profile
·       Successfully completed a degree in business informatics, business administration or comparable education.
·       Ideally, you bring at least three years of professional experience in (IT) project management and have a solid understanding of project management methods (agile and classic).
·       With your empathy and communication skills, you can get people excited about you and your projects.
·       You speak very good English. German is not mandatory, but an advantage.
·       You work in a structured and solution-oriented manner. You meet challenges analytically and solve them creatively and professionally.
·       A strong IT affinity completes your profile.
·       You are resilient and bring a good sense of humor.
This is what you will experience in the BACHMANN Community...
A dynamic, warm and open team in a familiar working environment awaits you.
As an owner-managed medium-sized company, we lead with flat hierarchies and open doors, so that together we can make a difference
We offer room for ideas and new approaches to solutions
Our internal feel-good management ensures the well-being of the BACHMANN community
 Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bachmann GmbH
Ernsthaldenstraße 33, 70565 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -