Jobs by email
ZEISS
Agile Coach (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of the company’s data culture and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. In this function, you will support the Data & Analytics team at ZEISS Digital Partners in it's data-driven innovation projects with our strategic business units. You will be responsible for driving the implementation of agile methods as well as designing, implementing and adjusting processes in order to define and execute the agile strategic roadmap.
Ihr Profil
Minimum of 3+ years of work experience as full-time Scrum Master in professional software development environment
Excellent communication, coaching and mentoring skills
Strong mediation skills in a multicultural, distributed and cross-functional team
Good knowledge of leadership practices
Experience on various agile frameworks like Scrum, Kanban, Scrumban etc.
Scrum Master certification is a plus
Knowledge of best practices regarding development tools (Azure Devops, wiki, SharePoint) and engineering processes around - build, test, integrate and deploy
Full proficiency in English, German language skills are a plus
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.