Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
PreMaster Program - Data Science / Big Data
Kusterdingen
Bachelor dissertation / Master thesis
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
As part of our team you get an insight into our department being responsible for the development of our next generation consumer inertial sensors and sensing systems. We implement technological innovations enabling advanced sensor system performance and ensure reliable system integration and testing for high volume and high-quality mass production.
You support in preparation, execution and evaluation of inertial sensor measurements
You are responsible for the definition and implementation of evaluation templates for large characterization and qualification datasets, by applying tools of the big data and data science domain and you develop creative solutions in Python, Knime, Tableau or Power BI
You support the development of data driven concepts and algorithms for the improvements of selected sensor key performance parameters and verify those by dedicated lab measurements
You align and harmonize your solutions with other department and company stakeholders
You are part of an international and multicultural development team
Your profile
Personality: Positive team player with good communication skills, creative thinking
Working Practice: Experience in Big Data and Machine Learning / AI.
Experience and Knowledge: Understanding of statistics and visualization tools e.g. Knime, Power BI, Tableau. Mastering of a programming language, preferable Python
Languages: Very good spoken and written English skills, German is a plus
Education: Current Master studies in Computer or Data Science, Mathematics, Physics or similar major
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Gerhard-Kindler-Straße 9, 72770 Kusterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.