Jobs by email
Verivox GmbH
Software Quality Engineer (m/f/d) - Insurance
Berlin, Heidelberg, Leipzig, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
Become part of the Verivox Team!
Verivox is part of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group and is one of the leading, independent online consumer portals in Germany. Since 1998 it is our mission to help consumers get the best deals for electricity, gas, DSL, mobile phones, finances, insurances, real estate, cars, motorbikes and travel. More than 8 million happy customers have compared prices, and then changed their provider - thereby saving more than EUR 1.6 billion. We are a fast-growing and profitable company and continuously strive to improve our services. Whether at any of our ten locations in Germany or in Switzerland: we are one team aiming to give our customers a better experience every day. A flat hierarchy and innovative and dynamic processes help us in achieving this aim - while still having fun being part of the team.
What you can expect
Become part of the Verivox team!
If you are looking for a nine to five job this is not for you, but if you are into product development and taking our insurance products to the next chapter, we would love to hear from you.
We offer a full-time position (40h/week) in one of our locations in either Berlin, Heidelberg, Leipzig or Munich. The offer includes the option of working several days per week remotely.
Your Mission
Responsible for overall testing of Insurance product portfolio
Ensuring visibility, traceability, and control of testing process to deliver high-quality software products
Carrying out test runs and defect triage
Creation and management of regression, integration, acceptance, smoke and API tests
Actively improve the test automation process
Active support of release, build and deployment side by side with developers
Align and collaborate with the rest of the quality assurance team to improve the overall quality of our products, assess risks, promote consistency, identify common needs, build tools, etc.
Your essential experience and education
Solid experience in the Quality Assurance field, preferably with web applications
Good knowledge in manual testing and strong analytical skills
Practical experience creating and maintaining UI automation tests and API tests
Experience with Selenium, CodeceptJS, or equivalent testing frameworks
Experience with Jenkins CI/CD or other CI/CD tools
Comfortable writing tests in JavaScript or TypeScript
You have worked with Git, Bitbucket or similar source control tools
Fluent oral and written communication skills in English
Experience with ClickUp, Jira, Confluence is an advantage
What's in it for you?
More than 500 employees from over 30 nations as a collegial community with flat hierarchies
Our "New Normal": generous mobile office regulations enable you to work flexibly from home - already today, but also after Corona
Open, modern and friendly working environment with a startup feeling
Own area of responsibility with room to develop your own ideas and concepts
A relaxed and constantly evolving work environment where success is as important as regular team events
Informal working environment - no dress code
Exclusive employee benefits such as job ticket, job bike, lunch allowance, employee discounts and company pension scheme
Complimentary hot and cold drinks and fresh fruit
Centrally located with optimal transport connections
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €