Jobs by email
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services
Project Manager (m/f/d) - IT & Finance #StandwithUkraine
Frankfurt am Main, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services (IDS) unlocks the value of data for the global investment industry: We validate, refine, and link data from a wide variety of sources and make it available for mission-critical processes along all investment strategies and products quickly, worldwide, and at any time. Fund management companies, insurance companies, banks and pension funds can use IDS to access a flexibly scalable data platform as well as all necessary analyses and reports in the desired format. As a 100% subsidiary of Allianz SE, IDS has stood for stability, reliability and certified security in the handling of its customers' data since 2001.
Project Manager (m/f/d) – IT & Finance #StandwithUkraine
Job Purpose / Role
You will be part of our Asset Management Products Development team. Our team is responsible to create and drive solutions for asset managers, from the initial requirements to the final products, mainly in regulatory reporting, compliance and risk areas. We combine finance and IT know-how to get maximum value out of the data for our clients. We enable success in the management of strategic programs and projects with a highly diversified range of topics focused on finance and IT.
As a Project Manager (m/f/d) you are responsible for an outstanding communication with various stakeholders and the Project Team. We are searching for a colleague with a mindset for continuous improvement, as well as the capability to understand complex problems and drive actions to solve them.
In this role you will gain deep insights into the data model and the products of a major financial company
We live flat hierarchies and we always have an open ear for your ideas. To support your entry into IDS GmbH we offer a comprehensive onboarding program.
Key Responsibilities
Project planning and implementation, including proactively monitoring of the progress, resolving issues and initiating appropriate corrective action
Managing the project's budget, monitoring costs against delivered and realized benefits as the project progresses
Reporting the progress of the project,  flagging potential deviations from plans, on a regular basis to the Project Steering Committee
Building client relationships while managing demanding stakeholders
Leading high performing cross-functional project teams while actively contributing to customer satisfaction and proactively triggering improvement plans
Key Requirements / Skills / Experience
University degree preferably in economics, business information technology, mathematics, physics and/or an equivalent experience in finance
Strong experience in project management, preferably with finance or IT focus
Ability to lead cross-functional teams in a complex environment
Sound experience in agile frameworks (SCRUM, Kanban) as well as PMP methods (Scrum Master or PMP certification is an advantage)
Jira knowledge is a plus
Ability to concurrently handle a variety of topics
Outstanding leadership, interpersonal, organizational and communication skills
Problem solver with a proactive can-do attitude
Fluent in English and in German
What we offer
Benefit from flexible working hours, a home office arrangement and 30 vacation days per year
With us, you can expect an intercultural environment with flat hierarchies, a familiar working atmosphere as well as independent work in dedicated teams
Become part of a company with start-up spirit that combines the advantages of the Allianz Group
Take advantage of our wide range of training and development opportunities and shape your individual career path
Benefit, among other things, from annual bonus payments, additional benefits, health initiatives, employee restaurant and a company pension plan
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services
Frankfurt am Main, München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.