Jobs by email
BMW Group
System Engineer Passenger Entertainment (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Software Development team in München is currently seeking a
System Engineer Passenger Entertainment (f/m/x)
Tasks
IT CAN BE COMPLICATED. TEAMWORK SHOULDN'T BE.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
Success is a team sport. That's why BMW doesn't simply employ specialists with proven expertise, but real people who understand one other. And we support them with cutting-edge technology and sophisticated processes that leave enough space for unconventional thinking.
Our team is responsible for all passenger entertainment products at the BMW Connected Company. We are looking for you to develop the next generation of Android-based passenger entertainment solutions.
What awaits you?
You work together with the team to understand customer needs and derive requirements.
You sketch the concepts and the ideas, design and evaluate your solution, and finally test the software on the target hardware.
You will start from a hardware bring-up in an early phase up to series production of the software solution.
You will help to fulfill the targets of the implementation planning with your skills and your knowledge
You work closely together with Project Lead, Software Architects and Testing.
You will work in an international team.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in Computer Sciences or a comparable field of study.
Experience as a SW developer is preferred (e.g. Android, Kotlin, C, C++, Java…).
Good experience in working hands-on with software products.
Open-minded individual who is eager to work in a multicultural atmosphere.
Pro-active, structured and precise with a high focus on customer needs and quality.
Fluent in English and German language.
You have the talent to quickly grasp and structure complex issues? Apply Now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: Full-time
Contact:
Hatice Yildirim
BMW Group Recruiting Team
+49 89 382-17001
Job Reference: 84523
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.