Jobs by email
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
Lead IT Architect (m/f/d)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Vitesco Technologies is a leading international developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art powertrain technologies for sustainable mobility. With smart system solutions and components for electric, hybrid and internal combustion vehicles, Vitesco Technologies makes mobility clean, efficient and affordable. The product range includes electric drives, electronic control units, sensors and actuators, and exhaust-gas aftertreatment solutions. In 2020, Vitesco Technologies recorded sales of EUR 8 billion and employs almost 40,000 people at around 50 locations worldwide. Vitesco Technologies is headquartered in Regensburg, Germany.
Your tasks
The IT Quality and Processes department is shaping the IT by guidance and consulting, enables excellent decision making based on high quality data and empowers top Notch IT solution development and continuous improvement.
Your new responsibilities:
Act as cross functional leader for IT architecture to establish IT architecture management
Drive & support the whole IT Organization regarding all architecture related aspects
Consult the IT management for strategic decision to transform the IT landscape based on the Vitesco Technologies vision and goals
Set up architecture communities to increase awareness and adherence
Engage with stakeholders in all IT functions and hierarchy levels to create IT architecture management strategies and roadmaps
Your profile
Completed degree in a technical or science related field with focus on computer engineering, computer science or informatics, Business administration or comparable qualification
Long term professional experience in several IT functions / roles & IT processes, IT Architecture methods or IT Consulting
Long term professional experience in several IT areas (e.g., IT projects, service design, delivery)
Expert knowledge of IT Architecture Management
Advanced knowledge of ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library)
Basic knowledge in Consulting in IT
Basic knowledge of IT and governance frameworks, e.g., ITIL, Cobit
Fluent English skills written and spoken, German skills desirable
Focus on quality orientation and pioneering mindset
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.