Jobs by email
tesa SE
Manager Reporting & Visualisation (m/f/x)
Hamburg, Norderstedt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full-time
What you will do
Build manager & run Self Service Reporting with KPI’s governance community globally
Perform Webinar, training along with BI key users in our business units to drive reporting and visualization as a service
Manage Global demands for reporting and visualization  
Developing, communicating and tracking the KPI definitions in the area of responsibility and thus ensuring our BI governance
Coordination and execution of preliminary studies and requirements analyses for analytics projects
Support in larger implementation projects, if necessary also in project management functions
Technical optimization and further development of our frontend solutions
What you will need
Completed studies in business administration, business informatics and at least 3 years of experience
Advanced knowledge/ hands-on of analytics frontend solutions (SAP Lumira, SAP Analysis for Office, SAP Analytics Cloud, Power BI)
Relevant professional experience (IT or specialist area with a strong focus on Business Intelligence and Advances Analytics)
Knowledge of common reporting requirements and control mechanisms in various LOB’s
Knowledge of SAP BI solutions (BW on HANA or BW/4HANA) besides hands-on experience is a plus
Proven experience from projects or operational activities with a focus on analytics, including demand management, functional specification and implementation
Strong analytical and conceptual skills as well as a high level of initiative, assertiveness and creative drive experience in the cooperation of virtual, often international, (project) teams as well as stakeholder management
Strong communication and presentation skills
Very good written and spoken German and English skills
What you can expect
At tesa, we create sustainable adhesive solutions that improve the work, products and lives of our customers.
How we do it? At tesa, we dare to create! Therefore, we team up, we challenge ourselves and we set the pace. But we don’t just do that somehow. We act responsibly and always focus on our customers. Because only then we are able to achieve our goals and continuously improve our results.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and regard diversity as important for our long-term success. We expressly reject all forms of direct and indirect discrimination. All qualified applicants will be equally considered for employment regardless of their national origin, background, personal preferences and believes.
By applying you consent for the use of your resume for future opportunities within tesa.
If you want to find out more about tesa please visit us on our corporate web-page www.tesa.com and social media.
We offer:
Attractive remuneration
Flexible working
Further education and development perspectives
Interdisciplinary and cross-departmental career opportunities
Occupational pension provision
Numerous offers for employees, such as health promotion, sports and leisure activities, employee discounts, and much more (including tesa Bike, the company's own fitness studio, prevention options)
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates