Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes 3DExcite GmbH
Software Developer & Architect (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Your role:
Become part of 3DEXCITE as Software Developer & Architect (m/f/d). 3DExcite is the Dassault Systèmes Marketing and Sales brand. We provide comprehensive solutions for collaboration and 3D product content creation that enable our customers to evolve their marketing beyond messaging.
3DEXCITE Architecture is a team of software developers and architects within the 3DEXCITE R&D organization that supports and guides app and service development teams on designing the systems powering our brands portfolio on cloud. 
Your responsibilities:
Functional and non-functional requirements elicitation and consolidation
Development of solution strategies, software design & evolution, data modeling
Technology assessment, scouting and prototyping
Definition of architecture methods, patterns, reference models and standards
Architecture review and validation
Analysis of user adoption and behaviors, solution cost control and optimization
Your qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field
6+ years’ working experience in software development
Experience with developing small to medium sized distributed software systems
Competency in creating architectural blueprints, documentation and artifacts for development teams and stakeholders
Proficiency with modeling frameworks and techniques
Data modeling experience, applicable Data Science and Data Engineering knowledge
Proficiency coding in multiple languages including C++, Java, JS, Python
Very good analytical and problem-solving skills, strong communication skills. Ability to communicate with stakeholders on different levels
What's in it for you?
A permanent job in a sustainable, innovative, science-oriented international company
An open, creative, dynamic work environment in a motivated team 
Varied challenging and rewarding tasks
Attractive training opportunities, supportive colleagues
Making a difference with impactful contributions in strategic projects and early phases of development
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Dassault Systemes 3DExcite GmbH
München, Deutschland