Jobs by email
ZEISS
Enterprise Application Software Engineer (m/f/x)
, Berlin,
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Build up strong domain expertise in industrial applications and drive the design and implementation of software products for our customers in the manufacturing industries, using a state-of-the-art software stack 
Engage with customers, product management and your team in understanding customer requirements and deriving robust and future-proof implementations 
Drive small to medium, cross-team and cross-site engineering initiatives and contribute to improving the overall architecture and development process 
Participate in cross-functional tasks such as customer research, product design and recruiting case interviews 
Ihr Profil
Prior software development experience in large software applications, preferably in typical enterprise software frameworks based on .NET, C# or Java 
Familiarity with technologies commonly used in enterprise settings, such as Windows Server, Active Directory, Microsoft SQL Server, VMWare ESXI 
Knowledge of architecture patterns targeting modern enterprise software systems, especially with respect to reliability, scalability and distributed system patterns 
Excellent communication skills in written and verbal English 
Willingness to shape the role of software in an established industrial company, a mindset to continuously drive improvement throughout our organization and high motivation to work in a distributed, international team 
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact recruiting.iqr@zeiss.com.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
10589 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.