Jobs by email
ZEISS
Agile Coach Digital Business & E-Commerce (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
Munich based job with 40-60% hybrid work
Excellent teammates and a lead to support your development from day one onward.
Your role at ZEISS Digital Partners
As an Agile Coach in the Digital Business & E-Commerce team, you will support agile, cross-functional development teams of product owner, UX/UI designers, and software engineers in a highly ambiguous environment with conflicting projects and timelines. You will help the teams to improve communication, collaboration, and performance, thereby actively contributing to the success of our digital business and e-commerce solutions. In this highly challenging function, you will
work with newly formed teams as well as mature teams – applying your profound knowledge about coaching techniques in different environments and situations,
create a common understanding of agile methodologies and principles, supporting the teams to select and implement suitable (agile) methodologies and best practices,
ensure that the teams continuously reflect, adapt, and improve their way of working,
identify team issues and impediments and support to resolve them,
foster communication, trust, and collaboration within the teams and with close stakeholders and motivate the teams to perform at their best to reach their goals,
enable the teams to reflect incoming requirements critically – with a clear customer focus.
Key to your role will be to mature the teams by providing the toolkit and knowledge to enable them to become self-organized.  By defining suitable metrics, qualitative measures, or KPIs you will enable the teams to measure their maturity and performance.  You will support to drive and track success in the teams, with a strong customer focus.
If you want to know more about the role, kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sandro Phan (sandro.phan@zeiss.com).
Ihr Profil
Several years of experience as Agile Coach and/or Scrum Master, working with cross-functional teams and driving organizational transformation
Independent way of working and very strong focus on outcomes and deliverables
Detailed understanding of roles, responsibilities, and processes in customer-centric, agile software development
Broad knowledge and expertise in applying agile methods and tools – in co-located as well as remote team set-ups
Ability to define relevant KPIs and metrics to measure impact of taken measures
Strong communication and analytical skills paired with empathy to easily navigate different environments and situations
Empathic personality, strong interpersonal and communication skills
Fluent English language skills (written & spoken), command of German language is a plus.
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Sandro Phan
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.