Jobs by email
Kühne + Nagel (AG & Co.) KG
Senior Software Engineer (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
Save
Join our motivated IT team in Hamburg and become a significant part of our first-class logistics services. We are looking for a reliable, high-performing, and customer-oriented Senior Software Engineer (m/f/d) who wants to work independently on new digital products and service platforms.
Join our IT team in Hamburg to work on reliable, high-performance, and customer-oriented logistics solutions. Our team of specialists ensures the smooth running of our IT operations, and we develop IT systems using modern methods in interdisciplinary projects. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work with a motivated team on new digital products and service platforms. You will be responsible for designing, developing, and integrating both frontend and backend components, as well as playing a significant role in idea generation, prototyping, concept, and implementation.
Your tasks
Independent and responsible design and implementation of complex software solutions based on current technology stacks and agile methodologies
Active involvement in architecture and design discussions and commitment to continuously improving and stabilizing our existing services
Ensuring the quality of our software solutions, e.g., through code reviews
Exploring new topics and technologies, deepening acquired knowledge, and actively contributing to our team
Your profile
Completed studies in (business) computer science or a comparable field of study desirable
Extensive practical experience in software development within the Java ecosystem as well as standard frameworks and databases
Experience with current tools, methods, and processes of modern software engineering
Enjoyment of complex development tasks and varied projects as well as a passion for software development and high standards for the quality of the results
Experience with agile development methods such as Scrum or other agile project management models
Very good English skill, German would be a plus
What we offer
• Use creative freedom and drive your own ideas forward • Develop yourself through continuous training and internal knowledge exchange • Enjoy a professional environment within a relaxed and friendly corporate culture • Flexible working hours, a subsidized job ticket for public transport, and a company restaurant with a diverse selection • You will find enough room for an optimal work-life balance with us.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Kühne + Nagel (AG & Co.) KG
20457 Hamburg, Deutschland