Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Lead Backend PHP Developer (m/f/d) - onsite or remote within the EU
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
We are currently looking for a skilled & passionate Lead Backend PHP Developer (m/f/d) to become part of and direct one of our Tech Units at ABOUT YOU onsite in Hamburg or remote within the EU! 
Our Tech Department is the heart of ABOUT YOU, driven by the passion to develop the best infrastructure & tech applications. As our Lead Backend PHP Developer, you will direct a team of 5 to 7 developers in collaboration with the product manager. With your deep understanding of building digital products and software development, you will constantly optimize our complex applications in consideration of all requirements and stakeholders.
Contribute to one of the fastest-growing eCommerce infrastructures in Europe and become part of ABOUT YOU as a Lead Backend PHP Developer (m/f/d)!
What you will do
Build complex & high scalable technical solutions in close cooperation with the Tech Lead and the Product Lead as well as the product manager
Draft architectural decisions and ensure reliable and state-of-the-art products
Lead a world-class team of engineers and collaborate with product managers, QA’s, and with designers to ship new components and features
Work within a dynamic & international environment with an agile working culture using methodologies such as SCRUM or Kanban
Work in an agile & international team with flat hierarchies and very short decision-making process
Who you are
You have 5+ years of experience in developing high-scalable software products in PHP7
You are proficient in Laravel or Symfony and have a deep understanding of the basics
You feel comfortable with people management topics and have worked in a leading role in a fast-changing environment before
You write well-structured, efficient and maintainable code and actively keep the quality of the codebase in check
You have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to working in an English-speaking environment
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux)
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Free Laracasts and Egghead account 
Help in relocation and VISA process 
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU.
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland