Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
SAP Basis Administrator (m/f/d)
Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
Within the chapter SAP System Engineering you are part of a community of practice of SAP System Engineers and work in a product team. Within the domain you will work on the latest SAP trends and standards for innovative processes in the SAP environment and implement them within the corresponding product team, e.g. "SAP Platform".
Our product teams work in an interdisciplinary and solution-oriented manner using agile methods. The domains represent the "home base" of the employees and ensure their professional development, especially in the SAP Basis environment up to SAP (Basis) certification.
Your tasks
Setup and optimization of the system landscape, especially SAP S/4 HANA and SAP CAR as part of the SAP Platform product team as well as migration of the SAP landscapes into the cloud
Installation and maintenance of SAP systems, SAP SolMan, SAP ChaRM and other complementary tools and software products
Ensuring stable and secure operation based on modern tools and using SAP Solution Manager 
Establishment of a meaningful alerting and control of the running systems as well as elimination of possible error messages
Further development of automation and "continuous delivery" concepts
Requirements
Completed studies in business administration, technical environment or equivalent education
Profound knowledge of SAP Basis Administration in SAP R/3 and SAP S4/HANA, SAP (Basis) certifications are advantageous
Experience in an engineering/technology role and participation in agile product teams desirable
Google Cloud knowledge is an advantage
Strong problem-solving skills and proactive approach
Very good knowledge of German and English, written and spoken
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. 
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Ingolstadt, Deutschland