Jobs by email
The Mobility House GmbH
Software Architect (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About us
Shaping an emission-free energy and mobility future - that is the goal of The Mobility House. To this end, our technology links the automotive and energy sectors. We integrate vehicle batteries into the power grid through intelligent charging and energy solutions. The whole thing was born 11 years ago from a simple idea of our founder Thomas Raffeiner: What if you could use idle electric cars as mobile batteries? And thus make their potential available to the energy industry with its growing storage needs? Thus the idea for The Mobility House was born.
With over 200 employees, we are active worldwide from our locations in Zurich, Munich and Belmont (CA). We are constantly on the lookout for new faces who, like us, are enthusiastic about our vision. Do you want to be part of the future with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application.
What we offer you
What we offer you:  
Becoming part of our vision to jointly shape an emission-free energy and mobility future  
A high degree of responsibility right from the start and rapid advancement in a rapidly growing and innovative company  
An open, diverse & very motivated team  
Flexible working hours and additional vacation days  
Mobile working from home and additional 20 days in other European countries possible  
The latest IT equipment to make your working day easier  
A Wellpass membership to keep you fit  
The possibility to lease your desired bike via JobRad  
Modern office with good public transport connections  
And much more!    
What you do
What you do:   
You will lead the design, development, and implementation of highly scalable and secure cloud-based APIs, microservices and applications that meet our business needs and objectives. 
You will work with our development teams and stakeholders to ensure our solutions deliver a great user experience, are maintainable, and meet the highest security standards. 
You will have have a thorough understanding of the cloud technology landscape, emerging trends, and new technologies that can improve our architecture. 
You will develop and maintain documentation of our architecture, standards, and best practices. 
You will mentor and coach other software architects and developers to improve the quality of our code, architecture, and software development practices. 
You will work closely with the product team to ensure that our software solutions align with our business goals. 
Who you are
Who you are:  
You have at least 7 years of experience in software development, with a focus on API, cloud, security, and scalable architecture. 
You have a deep understanding of API design and development, RESTful architecture, and related technologies such as Swagger, OpenAPI, GraphQL and gRPC. 
You are able to show a track record of designing and implementing scalable, resilient, and secure cloud-based systems using AWS, Azure or GCP. 
You are strong in understanding security best practices, including authentication, authorization, encryption, and key management. 
Experience in the e-mobility domain is an advantage. 
You are familiar with modern development tools such as Docker, Kubernetes, Git, CircleCI and other CI/CD pipelines. 
You are an individual with strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams. 
Do you fit to us?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
The Mobility House GmbH
St.-Cajetan-Str., 81669 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Company mobile phone
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Terrace
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.