Jobs by email
Personio
Lead Software Engineer (d/f/m) - Payroll (Madrid, Barcelona or remote Spain)
Madrid, Barcelona, Home-Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
About us
Bring your best. Make your mark. We’re using technology to revolutionize the way HR operates so that we can transform the way millions of people experience work every day. We move fast, challenge the status quo, and support our people as they shape their careers. 
With over 8,000 customers and a team of 1,700 in seven offices across Europe, now is the perfect time to join! We believe in hiring driven people who want to make an impact. So bring your best, and let’s build the future of HR technology together. 
Personio is an equal opportunities employer, committed to building an integrative culture where everyone feels welcomed and supported. We #EmbraceUniqueness and understand that our diverse, values-driven culture makes us stronger. We are proud to have an inclusive workplace environment that will foster your development no matter your gender, civil status, family status, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, education level, or race.
The Role
At Personio we are on an amazing journey to becoming the leading HR Platform in Europe!
Join our international agile Product & Engineering team and take an active role in shaping our engineering culture and the future of thousands of HR teams and organizations across Europe. At Personio you will have a direct impact on our product, our users, our organization, and our engineering practices.
We in the Payroll Domain know people like to say: It's not rocket science. But sometimes it just is. The same goes for Payroll. It has been there for some time, there is a way to do it, just as it has always been done. There are rules and regulations, customers and stakeholders, but we just know that there is also another way to do it.
A new way to do it. An innovative way to do it.
The Payroll Domain is on a mission to make Personio the big player in payroll and offer a smart payroll solution that can handle any kind of employee and use HRM data blended into payroll. Using our services, our customers save tons of money and time - and HR Managers can delegate the most complex tasks to us so they can gain peace of mind and focus on what really matters: people.
Like all our tribes we are a cross-functional group of engineers, designers, and product managers from many different nationalities and backgrounds, spread across different locations and we continue to grow in 2021. Join us and help shape the Payroll Domain journey for Personio.
As a Lead Engineer, you will be a bar raiser in a mission-based team within the Personio Engineering organization and take care of team productivity, technical alignment, and technical growth. In this role, you will act as a multiplier for your team
You know how to address each challenge - coding hands-on to prototype a solution, holding technical presentations, or conducting brainstorming sessions with engineers from other tribes to tackle a certain problem - You know it best!!
This is a high-impact role and you will be in the lead to creating the long-term technical strategy for one of Personio’s main product components and represent the team in Personio’s Product & Engineering department.
Role & Responsibilities
Increasing the performance and productivity of your team by raising ideas on how to  improve team internal processes and collaboration
Mentoring engineers in your team and fostering the technical growth of your teammates with/by pair programming, knowledge sharing and coaching
Be the technical go-to person in your team for technical and non-technical topics and stakeholders
Drive an engineering culture of quality, good development principles, and innovation from inside your team
Partnering up with the Engineering Manager on the technical growth of the team
Strategic technical involvement on a team level in the OKR process, hiring strategy, and team setup
Managing incident processes and team related follow-ups to ensure high product reliability, stability, and security
Urge to contribute to tech branding through blogging and representing Personio at conferences & tech events
How We Work
We are transforming our PHP application into Kotlin microservices
We are a product company so our teams are organised in a mission-based cross-functional fashion. You will work with other Engineers, Designers, Product Managers &  Engineering Managers within and outside of your tribe.
We have a “you built it, you run it” attitude and CI/CD is our second nature - we use AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, and GitLab to implement it!
What you need to succeed
You get your hands dirty when driving complex problems with high impact that set standards in style and quality
Proven experience designing, developing and operating services in the area of responsibility of your team
Enthusiasm for building a technical strategy and translating it into reality
Contribute to agile process optimizations
You are driven by impact and you understand its effect for your team
Very good communication skills to provide technical guidance and leadership
Teaching, Coaching and empowering your colleagues is something that fulfils you
Ability to effectively lead others through meetings, planning, and any processes which are needed to accomplish the goals of the team
Passion to enable your teammates and amplify their technical abilities
Excited to contribute to open source projects and tech branding activities
Fluent in English (written and spoken)
Why Personio
Aside from our people, culture, and mission, there are a variety of additional benefits that help make Personio a great place to work! Work with us and receive:
Competitive compensation package – reevaluated each year – that includes salary, benefits, and pre-IPO equity
28 days of paid vacation, plus another additional day after 2 and 4 years (because we love what we do, but we also love vacation!)
2 Impact Days you can use to have an impact on the environment and society –  one for an individual project of your choice and one for a company-wide initiative! #SocialResponsibility
Find your best way to work with our office-led, remote-friendly PersonioFlex! We offer a roughly 50% remote, 50% in-office working framework to suit your needs
Annual personal development budget for you to invest in your development via professional memberships, external certifications, conferences, and more
Regular company and team events like All Company Culture Week and local year-end celebrations
High-impact working environment with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes
Receive generous family leave, child support, mental health support, and sabbatical opportunities with PersonioCares
Save money with corporate discounts across brands like Adidas, LG, Bosch, Apple, and more
Choose between green mobility options, including a bike lease covered by Personio
Monthly tax-free stipend of €162 to help cover food and public transportation expenses (Cobee)
Private health insurance (company level plan): Access to Sanitas plan at a reduced employee cost (€43 for employees, spouse, or children)
Access multiple fitness studios and sports facilities across Spain for €30 per month with a subsidized Gympass membership
Free English and Spanish language classes
A beautiful office in the heart of the city, complete with professional espresso machines, free drinks and snacks, and indoor and outdoor break spaces
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.