Jobs by email
Caceis Bank S.A., Germany Branch
Technical Analyst (m/w/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Who we are!
CACEIS Bank, S.A., Germany Branch, is the German branch of CACEIS Bank S.A., which is fully owned by the Crédit Agricole Group.
At CACEIS, we have specialized entirely in services relating to the settlement of securities transactions as well as transactions in real assets. Therefore, CACEIS is primarily known as a fund administrator, depositary and custodian and is one of the largest institutions of its kind in Germany. In addition to these functions, CACEIS is also connected to many important European securities trading markets as a General Clearing Member - here we provide equity cash clearing services.
Institutional clients in particular use our services - sometimes for many years. These include asset managers, insurance companies, pension funds, banks and broker-dealers.
Apply at CACEIS and not only give your career exceptional prospects, but also become part of one of the largest banking groups in Europe, Crédit Agricole Group!
Responsible tasks that bring you forward!
Taking over the role of technical analyst – Interface in the IT between Business analyst and Developers
Leading view about the technical aspects of the application, related processes and architecture
Working on requirements, solution designs, user-stories
Close collaboration between Business Analysts, Operation Units, Development, Test & Release team members and Clients (Munich, Paris, Lisbon)
Identification of opportunities to increase efficiencies
Participating on major/strategic projects
You are a perfect match!
Bachelor degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Engineering, or similar education
A minimum of 5 years COBOL knowledge as a developer
Very good DB2 and SQL knowledge
MQ knowledge
Experience in technical designs
Mainframe TSO z/OS system
JCL Job Control Language
Basic knowledge of securities processing
Experience in test management and actual testing of applications
Java basic knowledge would be optional
Business fluent in written and spoken English
Why you should start with us!
Flexible working hours, a friendly working atmosphere and active collegiality are not just empty words for us - it is our culture. Internationality is part of our DNA. Money is important and that is why we pay you very well! Additional benefits such as pension contributions, childcare, our canteen and nationwide access to fitness studios are a matter of course for us.
Become part of our team!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Caceis Bank S.A., Germany Branch
Lilienthalallee 36, 80939 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -