Jobs by email
ZEISS
Integration Architect MarTech (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
The Integration Architect will ensure translating the feature demands for digital capabilities across pre-sales, eCommerce and post-sales touch-points into a leading, sustainable and future ready architecture.
Your role:
Planning and designing the experience architecture deliverables to build a leading CX in the medical space. Drive and ensure technical compatibility and feasibility estimation of proposed solution
Provide technical validation of proposed solutions and ensure execution of solution checklist
Validate initial idea of solution architecture
Preprioritize proposed solutions
Support on the preparation of quarterly prioritization round
Ensure including future trends (trend scouting)
consult involved business how to best implement their use cases.
Integrate and update group-wide tech standards and state-of-the-art tools
Integrate/promote group-wide technical standards
Integrate/onboard novel tools promoted at group level
Work closely together with fellow architects from MED (IT, data, medical platform) and Group (IT, ZEISS Digital Partners)
Ihr Profil
Education
University degree necessary (at least bachelor’s): IT-related study program
Work experience
5–10 years experience in technology solutions and architectures for digital marketing, sales, and service; industry background preferred but not a must
5+ years work experience in digital strategy and execution of digital transformations
5+ years experience in agile work methodology necessary desirable
Experience in medical environment is a plus
Specific knowledge
Strong technical background in stacked CX solutions
Strong analytical ability and execution capabilities
Strong knowledge of Enterprise Architecture and digital solutions
Deep technical understanding and ability to develop and break down target architecture vision
Strong communication skills (written, verbally) in English and German
IT consulting experience desirable
Digital strategy/products
Agile methodology
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.