Jobs by email
ZEISS
(Senior) Data Architect (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Your role
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data & Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. As a (Senior) Data Architect at the ZEISS Digital Partners, you are part of our Enterprise Data Platform team. In this challenging function, you will be responsible for data standards and the evolution of our data architecture. You will consult and guide our Data Engineers and Scientists on how to build state-of-the-art data-driven solutions. You will define rules for data modelling, always exploring new Cloud solutions and architectures to improve and bring forward our environment. 
Ihr Profil
Your profile
Preferably 5 years of professional experience in a similar position, where you gathered strong experience in data centric architectures
Strong knowledge in modern, distributed architectures for analytical data management like Data Mesh and/or the Microsoft Common Data Model
Good understanding of the Microsoft Azure ecosystem
A broad knowledge in database systems (SQL and No-SQL)
Experience in device data log standards and IoT data streaming would be benefitial
Strong communication skills to easily navigate in corporate as well as “geeky/nerdy” environments
Fluent in German and English
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.