Jobs by email
BMW Group
Lead Software Developer ECU Platform (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Operations team in München is currently seeking a
Lead Software Developer ECU Platform (f/m/x)
Tasks
IF AN IDEA DOESN'T HAVE WINGS, IT WILL NEVER HAVE WHEELS.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
More than 90% of automotive innovations are based on electronics and software. That's why creative freedom and lateral thinking are so important in the pursuit of truly new solutions. Naturally, this includes flexible working models, so that our IT specialists are free to go in unconventional directions.
Develop with us the next generation of Embedded Software platform for highly networked and innovative automotive Software functions in an international team.
Modern development methods and technologies such as continuous integration and testing, agile development, test-driven development or domain-specific languages are a fixed part of our work.
What awaits you?
You are responsible for delivering high quality series Software components to our internal stakeholders ensuring robustness, performance and security aspects.
Planning the Software development of the platform components and contributing to the design of an efficient ECU platform architecture is part of your daily work.
Before delivering your Software, you are encouraged to test your work directly in the car.
You will work in a networked manner and independently coordinate your activities with your contacts.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in computer science, electrical engineering or a comparable qualification.
Extensive practical Software development experience, preferably in C++ required.
Project management experience in technical development and integration projects.
In-depth knowledge of data structures, algorithms and Software design with very good analytical thinking and error analysis skills required.
Experience in developing and integrating Software platforms for Embedded devices would be advantageous.
Knowledge in the automotive environment (e.g. CAN, LIN, Ethernet, OSEK, RTOS, microcontrollers) is beneficial.
Knowledge in scripting languages (e.g. Python) is a plus.
You have enthusiasm and passion for high-quality software development? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: Full-time
Job Reference: 40258
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.