Jobs by email
BMW Group
Senior Software Developer - Software-in-the-Loop Testing Framework (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Software Development team in München is currently seeking a
Senior Software Developer - Software-in-the-Loop Testing Framework (f/m/x)
Tasks
SOME IT WORKS. SOME CHANGES WHAT'S POSSIBLE.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
More than 90% of automotive innovations are based on electronics and software. That's why creative freedom and lateral thinking are so important in the pursuit of truly new solutions. Naturally, this includes flexible working models, so that our IT specialists are free to go in unconventional directions.
Software Factory is the central department responsible to harmonize and professionalize processes, methods and tools across the global software development for automotive control units (ECUs). The focus is on different areas like architecture, integration and releasing, software validation and software quality. Hence working with us means to set the base for state-of-the-art software development within BMW, that meets current and future demands.
Software-in-the-Loop-Testing (SiL) is one state-of-the art technology which is an essential part of the software delivery chain. We are looking for a Senior Software Developer for a BMW wide SiL solution that will be established as a product/ service at BMW.
What awaits you?
In an agile DevOps team, you will be responsible for the future SiL Framework and will lead the team with technical focus in close collaboration with the product owner.
You will be responsible for conceptual work in feature and infrastructure development (using state-of-the-art methods).
Leading and designing the Software architecture of the SiL Framework in close collaboration with the Product Owner will be part of your job.
Additionally, you will refine the requirements together with the DevOps team and guide the team in the development of features and infrastructure for the SiL framework (independent development of features also very welcome).
Hereby, you will work according to an agile development methodology like Scrum.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in informatics or a related subject.
At least 5 years of practical experience in software development (C++ / Python).
Good understanding of data structures, algorithms and software design and architecture.
Profound knowledge in simulation and Software-in-the-loop-testing (beneficial in automotive environment).
Strong expertise in agile project environments and project management.
Expertise in state-of-the-art DevOps and CI toolchain, including Bazel, GitHub, Artifactory; Zuul is a plus.
Technical communication skills and motivation to proactively drive and iterate towards a common solution.
Business-fluent in English and German.
You have the talent to quickly grasp and structure complex issues? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 76055
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.