Jobs by email
Sartorius Corporate Administration GmbH
Data Governance Expert (x|f|m)
Göttingen, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About Sartorius
Sartorius as a DAX 40 company wants to simplify progress in the life sciences and biopharmaceutical industry. This enables scientific findings to be translated into new drugs and therapies faster and more efficiently, and gives more people access to better medicine. Nearly 16,000 employees at more than 60 production and sales sites worldwide are working towards this vision. Would you also like to contribute to our vision? Grow with us and benefit from the advantages of a global player.
Your tasks
For the Data Strategy & Management department within Sartorius Corporate Administration GmbH, we are looking for a Data Governance Expert (x|f|m) at the Göttingen or Berlin location. For this position we are looking for full time with the option to mobile work. In this position you will be responsible for the Data Domain Material and ensure proper execution of the Data Management according to our Governance Framework.
Our differences make us successful, so we welcome all talent to join us. Our goal is to multiply the innovative power, creativity and knowledge of all employees in order to create new perspectives.
You will act as an ambassador for modern data management and promote the data mindset in the organization
You establish a tight feedback loop with data owners and stewards, providing sparring and advice
You will be responsible for the operating model to achieve data transparency and work in a coordinated manner with the relevant data owners, managers and users, as well as driving optimizations
You will be responsible for reconciliation with various requirements for the data domain material, maintaining the integrity of the data in the context of E2E usage
This includes ensuring that data creation and change processes run according to the defined framework and principles
Together with the data owner in business you define KPIs and SLAs and monitor those regulary
You extend the governance framework beyond the Material Master data object to all related objects such as BOM, routings and pricing conditions
In case of problems or conflicts, you create transparency and promote coordination
Your qualifications
You have a degree in economics, (business) informatics or a related field
This is complemented by several years of sound professional experience in data and process management
Ideally, you have already gained initial experience in leading global teams with a cross-functional perspective
You have proven know-how in project management and process improvement methods (e.g. LEAN, Six Sigma, Agile, Design Thinking)
You are well-versed in the use of ERP systems, ideally SAP
In this context, you have a sound knowledge of the material master and are familiar with material modules.
Experience in product lifecycle management (PLM) is desirable
High level of competence in independent work and communication
You are characterised by a high degree of independence and excellent communication skills in German and English-speaking contexts
Identification with our core values: Sustainability, Openness, Enjoyment
Our Benefits
Life Science & World Health: Social added value through passion for shaping the future of tomorrow
Open corporate culture: Characterized by diversity, team spirit and progress
People development opportunities: Training, coaching, leadership programs, etc., on a global level
Work-life balance: Flexible working hours, home office options, company kindergarten
Listed company: Crisis-proof industry
IT hardware: Newest and powerful Apple products with many new collaboration features for daily business
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.