Jobs by email
BMW Group
Software Integrator - Integration Platform (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Development Digital Car team in München is currently seeking a
Software Integrator - Integration Platform (f/m/x)
Tasks
THESE DAYS, AUTOMOTIVE HISTORY IS WRITTEN IN CODE.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
Revolutionising the future of mobility means setting standards today. Our vehicles already use intelligent technologies that are increasingly taking over driving tasks and providing greater safety and comfort. Increasing our lead in autonomous driving requires visionary thinkers and creative developers. Specialists in the fields of machine learning, artificial intelligence, sensor technology and software development will work in expert teams in centres of excellence networked around the world to redefine the limits of what is possible.
We offer an exciting environment at the heart of software development for automated driving. Join our software integration team, which, together with our agile feature teams, develops driver assistance functions through to autonomous driving functions.
As part of the team of experts for the next-generation integration platform, you will design and develop software and processes to integrate application and platform software on a central control device.
What awaits you?
You work in an innovative and highly complex environment to successfully bring the next generation of driving assistance functions to customers.
As part of the Software integration team, you ensure that all internally and externally developed software components can be continuously integrated. This includes both correspondingly simple and robust processes and their productive technical implementation.
An agile structured way of working is a matter of course in the integration team in order to be able to react to the daily changing challenges and solve them in a focused manner.
With your expert knowledge, you provide operational support to the Software platform and application teams, especially in the event of errors that cannot be clearly assigned to a function or component.
You make predictive adjustments in the CI environment, such as enhancements to build scripts or the integration of new Software components into the build infrastructure.
With your comprehensive knowledge, you support feature teams to get their software integrated in the vehicle.
In your daily work, you will find yourself in an international and interdisciplinary environment and work closely with our high-tech industrial partners.
Our Autonomous Driving Campus provides you with the necessary infrastructure to work productively and focus on software for the car of the future.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or a comparable qualification.
Professional experience in continuous software and system integration in a larger software project and corresponding tool landscape.
Profound experience in software development in accordance with ISO 26262.
Profound knowledge of driver assistance systems and software platforms (Classic and Adaptive AUTOSAR).
Programming skills in embedded software development in the languages C and C++ (C99/C++14), which you have ideally already demonstrated in large and complex software projects.
Experience in vehicle integration is an advantage.
Business-fluent English.
You enjoy working in an international team and are passionate about software quality? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 55084
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.