Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Frontend Software Engineer – Design System (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely together with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
Munich based job with 40-60% hybrid work
Excellent teammates and a lead to support your development from day one onward.
Your role at ZEISS Digital Partners
As Senior Frontend Software Engineer you play a critical role within the Online Design System team at ZEISS Digital Partners and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS.
You will take responsibility for establishing a seamless user experience by setting up component libraries following the standards of our online design system. With passionate commitment you will create the base for the frontend of diverse online applications all around ZEISS. With the mentoring support of a dedicated team of committed people incl. other developers and designers you will bridge the gap between the component conception and application in our various touchpoints. Process-wise you will translate design into frontend components, maintain and provide our component libraries to the product teams. You will bring in your ideas, understand the needs of product teams and enable them to easily achieve a seamless ZEISS user experience within their products.
If you would like to know more about the role, kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sandro Phan (sandro.phan@zeiss.com)
Ihr Profil
5+ years of professional experience in JavaScript and Angular, experience with Tailwind is nice-2-have
Master’s degree in computer science or equivalent
Experience in implementing reusable components for global, leading mobile friendly web presences
You enjoy contributing to open-source projects
You are a pragmatic, proactive, dynamic and independent team player — and intrinsically motivated to create leading digital customer experiences
Strong verbal, written and presentation skills and excellent communication skills in English.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.