Jobs by email
Synatec GmbH - Part of the Atlas Copco Group
Test Automation Engineer (m/f/d)
Leinfelden-Echterdingen bei Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Synatec GmbH is part of the Atlas Copco Group and therefore part of a team of around 43.000 employees. Atlas Copco is a global industrial company with a leading position in technology and engineering. With our market-leading products, solutions, and services, we deliver sustainable productivity to our customers in over 180 countries and therefore creating a better tomorrow.
Within this, Industrial Technique Business Area manufactures and delivers innovative tools, industrial assembly solutions, quality assurance products, as well as software solutions and services. Here, Synatec plays a central role in the field of process control. Our expertise: futuristic software solutions and industrial PCs (HMIs) for industrial assembly and error-proofing.
Would you like to be part of securing the highest quality of our worldwide leading software for customers like Boeing, BMW, Rolls Royce and Samsung?
Then you are just right with us! We are currently looking for a
Test Automation Engineer (m/f/d)
at our office in Leinfelden-Echterdingen starting as soon as possible.
The Role
You will participate in a SCRUM team during sprint planning, review, retrospective and grooming
Understanding the requirements, you develop the automated test scripts and run them using a Continuous Integration system
You will plan security tests activities, create and execute test scripts for performance / stability testing
You will maintain the test scripts and adapt them for new or changing requirements. In case of failures, you will create error reports and retest the fixes afterward
Monitoring regularly the test automation coverage level and clearly highlighting automated or manual features is also part of your job
You will assist to enable faster to market and improve our quality assurance processes
What we expect of you?
You have an university degree with focus on software quality assurance or software engineering or a similar background
You bring minimum 3 years of professional experience in test automation
You have experience in the creation and implementation of test automation - Strategy, Concept and Framework
You are able to create, execute and maintain automated tests and continuous integration (integration, system, interfaces and UI test using tools like Ranorex, Jenkins) as well as to monitor and control the automation progress & track test coverage
Experience in performance tests implementation and exposure to test management systems (e.g. TestRail) is also required
Vulnerability analysis; plan Security test activities based on the scope and in line with compliance requirements
You can use defect tracking and version control systems (e.g. Jira, svn, git)
It would be great if you own an ISTQB certification (Test Automation Engineer CT-TAE)
Knowledge of the programming languages (C++, C# and JavaScript) and experience with virtualization, Docker and Kubernetes is a plus
You have a high degree of personal responsibility, quality awareness, assertiveness & an attitude to ‘test to break’
You have very good communication skills in English and German
What you can expect from us?
You will be part of an international, innovative company
You experience an open, diverse and family-friendly company culture with flat hierarchies and regular employee events (summer party, kick-off event)
We support your work-life balance through opportunities such as mobile work-possibility, flexible working time models and leisure time compensation. You will also receive 30 days of annual leave plus special leave for important events
You will go through a structured orientation training and will be supported by an onboarding buddy
Your personal development is important to us: you can educate yourself through our digital learning platform, our own learning programs, our company academy and the use of external training opportunities. We also offer you development perspectives and qualification programs within the Atlas Copco Group
We offer you a variety of other benefits such as public transport subsidy, meal allowance, JobRad, company pension scheme, corporate benefits, company health offers, modern technical equipment, height-adjustable desks, free beverages, and good transport connections
If you like, you can contribute to Atlas Copco's employee initiative "Water for All" to support social projects that give people access to clean drinking water
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Synatec GmbH - Part of the Atlas Copco Group
Brühlhofstraße 4, 70771 Leinfelden-Echterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.