Jobs by email
ING Deutschland
Senior Platform Engineer (f/m/x) DevOps & Azure Cloud
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
The ING is one of Germany's fastest growing commercial banks.
  Senior Platform Engineer (f/m/x) DevOps & Azure Cloud in Berlin
  You know that to unify Dev and Ops, it needs not only technologies and systems, but also communication? Lifecycle is your rhythm, automation your passion and you bring tech curiosity plus an agile mindset? Perfect! Explore the cosmos of an international financial group and take our IT platform and your skills to the next level!
Your Tasks
Your focus lies on the smooth operation of our IT platform services, supporting product development teams throughout the lifecycle and optimising our technical stack, plus our monitoring, logging and incident management processes. Integrated into our local and global agile teams, you continuously develop our technologies: you improve the coverage of our identity as well as access management and take charge of troubleshooting infrastructure and service issues. Utilising your expertise and people skills, you advance our DevOps culture, automate time-consuming tasks, work closely with security teams, and provide advice and support to development teams on technical evaluation of IT operation projects through proof-of-concepts.
Your Profile
Professional experience with highly available and scalable Azure, AWS or GCP cloud environments
Sound Linux, Kubernetes and Docker troubleshooting skills
Know-how in Infrastructure as Code with Terraform and Kubernetes application management with Helm templates
Practised in Python and/or Bash, GitOps CD, ArgoCD, Hashicorp Vault or Azure KeyVault
Adept in internet protocols such as HTTP/TLS and DNS, as well as working with MySQL, Oracle and PostgreSQL databases
Understanding of identity access management in a cloud and microservices environment
Team player, solution-oriented and curious
Very good written and spoken German and English
We offer many benefits
Company pension plan, capital-building offers, regional public transportation ticket & bicycle leasING, company restaurant
Remote working depending on the position and department and in line with the company, regulatory and legal requirements; individualized work schedule models, sabbatical, subsidization of nursing & childcare costs
Personal budget for continuing education and development as well as health; plus, a personal budget to set up your mobile working space
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ING Deutschland
Köpenicker Straße 40-41, 10179 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates