Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Senior Agile Engineer (f/m/d)
Essen, Hannover, München, Würzburg, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
E.ON Digital Technology (EDT) manages and implements with around 2,200 employees the digital transformation of E.ON. EDT is headquartered in Hanover, Germany and is internationally present across all E.ON locations.
E.ON is one of the strongest operators of European energy networks and energy-related infrastructure, as well as a provider of advanced customer solutions for more than 50 million customers. With a total of over 75,000 employees we are represented in 15 countries. By focusing on two sustainable growth areas and with the acquisition of innogy, we are ideally positioned to drive the energy transition in Germany and Europe.
At E.ON diversity matters. We welcome all people and are convinced that differences make us stronger. Become part of our inclusive and diverse company culture!
We are looking for a Senior Agile Engineer (f/m/d) to join our E.ON Digital Technology GmbH team. This role can be filled at any EDT site within Germany.
Your task
Responsibilities
You act as a lead engineer for Agile Platform based on tools such as Atlassian Jira, Atlassian Confluence, Atlassian Trello, Slack, Mattermost, Miro
You act as Subject Matter Expert for Jira and Confluence administration (workflows, screens, issue types...)
You consult groupwide project teams and implement agile processes on our Agile Platform
You migrate Jira & Confluence instances to our central Agile Platform
You mentor and support project teams on Agile practices and provide trainings to product teams
You design and present brownbag sessions for our Agile Platform (Plugins, Integrations, Implementations)
You ensure compliance to enterprise architecture, global information security policies and engineering strategy by applying standard methodologies, processes and tools
Your profile
Qualifications
Deep understanding of Agile Methodology (Scrum /Kanban/Scaled Agile)
Several years of experience in design and implementation of processes in Jira
Deep understanding of standard Agile tools such as Jira, Confluence
Ideally experience with Groovy Scripting, Trello, Slack, Mattermost, Miro
Solid conceptual and analytical skills
Openness to new topics and challenges combined with out-of-the-box thinking
Independent and self-responsible way of working paired with the ability to work in a team
Strong communication and presentation skills
High degree of energy drive and enthusiasm
Fluent in German and English
Willingness to travel
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.