Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceIOS Developer for George (all genders) 
iOS Developer for George (all genders)
Bratislava, Slovakia
Banking has a name. And we create it.
            For 9 million customers across Europe, George stands for a digital banking experience that combines design and technology on an open platform. At Erste Digital, we strive for everyone. We achieve this by empowering people to understand, manage and, last but not least, enjoy one of their most personal things: their money.
            Join us in our agile environment and make banking simple, intelligent and personal again!
            Others may see you as just a Developer, but we see you as an architect of elegant, maintainable code that translates to a beautiful user experience. As our iOS Developer (all genders), you will implement new features for the George banking platform, and when needed, change and extend existing features with refactoring. Your role is center-stage to the overall delivery process, assisting business analysts in specifying new features, and working hand-in-hand with the design team to help create the best possible user experience. You live by the mantra, clean code is king, and developing top-quality mobile apps is in your DNA.
What you’ll bring with you
Several years of experience in iOS development within a dynamic Agile environment
         A toolkit-full of Swift and UIKit expertise, with some SwiftUI know-how on the side 
A healthy knowledge of Rest API, and source-code management using Git
Experience in refactoring and working with legacy code 
You will impress us by
Seeing the poetry in clean, perfect code as you look to improve what is existing
Having already started on the road from journeyman to master
Experience with Reactive Programming (ReactiveSwift, Combine or similar) and Swift Package Manager 
Being open-minded, dedicated and passionate about what you do
Respecting the challenges that others deal with, while strive to help the team reach its goals and potential
Expressing your values and opinions and articulating them in fluent English
Why you will like us
We’re a team of experienced developers who love to exchange ideas and push the boundaries
Provide everything you need to work (e.g., MacBook Pro, mobile device, licenses) and lots of additional benefits
Our attitude is open minded, and we are always keen to stand up and go the extra mile for the correct solution
We care for your personal well-being and career development while actively supporting your educational needs
We communicate and collaborate with a variety of tools including Slack, Confluence and JIRA
We encourage regular conference visits and multiple chances to shine with George.
We feed you with coffee, sweets and fruits and provide table soccer and table tennis to train the stuff away 
Working from home, virtual office, working while riding a bike. What ever and how ever you do your best work to make George shine, is fine by us.
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - we are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 2800 gross per month for this full time position. But this is just a formality - we would be happy to talk about your actual salary in person!
The way we are
           As an employee of Erste Digital, the success of our people is more than a motto, it’s our manifest. We nurture a work environment where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success – we live diversity!
If you’ve got this far
        It seems we have your interest. If you think you are a good fit for this position, please get in touch with us, we’d love to catch up.
Apply for this Job
ID: 4540553 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: iOS Developer, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Erste Digital   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
