Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceData Warehouse Developer 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Data Warehouse DeveloperDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            Remote work
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are searching for an enthusiastic Data Warehouse Developer to join our HR Analytics team. This role offers the unique opportunity to work within the Microsoft Azure cloud environment and utilize the cutting-edge Data Vault 2.0 methodology. Whether you have prior experience in this area or are eager to expand your knowledge, this position will challenge you to grow professionally and tackle complex data warehousing projects in HR area. With the option for remote work from anywhere in Slovakia, this role offers the perfect blend of work-life balance and career advancement. If you are a self-motivated and results-driven professional with a passion for data warehousing / modeling and the Microsoft Azure environment and are eager to learn Data Vault 2.0 data modeling methodology, we would love to hear from you.
Responsibilities:
    • Design and implement data warehousing solutions for HR data within the Microsoft Azure cloud environment using the Data Vault 2.0 data modeling methodology
    • Develop and maintain data integration processes to ensure the accuracy and completeness of data in the data warehouse
    • Collaborate with the HR analytics team, which operates in a Scrum, to understand their data requirements and develop data solutions to meet those requirements
    • Monitor data warehousing performance and identify opportunities for improvement
    • Develop and maintain data dictionaries, metadata, and other documentation
    • Troubleshoot issues and perform root cause analysis to identify and resolve problems
    • Develop and maintain automated processes to ensure data quality, consistency, and completeness Wage (gross)2 000 - 2 650 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 2000€/brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsEducation & work experience
    • Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field
Skills
    • 2-5 years of experience in data warehousing and data integration. Familiarity with Microsoft Azure and Data Vault 2.0 methodology is preferred, but not mandatory.
    • Strong knowledge of SQL and experience with data warehousing and ETL tools. Knowledge of Microsoft Azure Cloud technology and its related services, such as Azure Data Factory and Azure Databricks is a plus.
    • Ability to analyze and interpret complex data and translate business requirements into technical solutions.
    • Strong verbal and written communication skills.
    • Experience working in a Scrum environment.
    • Ability to identify and resolve technical issues and propose and implement effective solutions.
    • A desire to stay current with new technologies, methodologies, and best practices in data warehousing.
    • Ability to work well in a team environment and collaborate effectively with colleagues and stakeholders.
    • Knowledge and experience with Data Vault 2.0 methodology is a plus, but not mandatory. The company is willing to provide training for the right candidate who is eager to learn and expand their skills. Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Lenka KiššováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4521591 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  16.3.2023 
    2023-03-16
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Frontend developer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
