Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceFull Stack developer  Можливість для людей з України
Full Stack developerIntellica DG, s. r. o.
Place of work
Zámocká 30, 811 01 Bratislava-Hrad, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/monthWe always are open to discussion the salary rate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are seeking a skilled Full-Stack Developer with expertise in React and NodeJS to join our team. As a React and NodeJS Full-Stack Developer, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining web applications that deliver a seamless user experience. You will work closely with our
development team to design, build and test new features, and collaborate with our design team to ensure that the user interface is both attractive and intuitive. The successful candidate will have a solid understanding of front-end and back-end development, solid understanding of database architecture and cloud infrastructure and be able to work independently as well as part of a team.
Main requirements: 
-Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field
-Minimum of 5 years of experience in web application development
-Proficient in React.js and Node.js with experience in building full-stack web applications (Cloud based)
-Experience with front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
-Solid understanding of back-end technologies such as RESTful APIs, MongoDB and MySQL.
-Familiarity with version control systems such as Git
-Experience with AWS cloud solution, services and environments.
-Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail
-Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Desirable requirements:
-Experience with Python development and PostgreSQL
-Experience with other front-end frameworks such as Angular or Vue.js
-Experience with most AWS or Google Cloud Platform up to date services
-Familiarity with containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes
-Experience with Agile development methodologies
-Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Functions:
-Design and develop front-end applications using React.js
-Develop back-end applications using Node.js and Next.js / Express.js
-Build and maintain databases using MongoDB and MySQL
-Write clean, efficient, and well-documented code that meets design specifications
-Develop and maintain unit tests to ensure the reliability of the application
-Optimize the performance of the application and troubleshoot issues as needed
-Work with the design team to implement an intuitive and attractive user interface
-Collaborate with DevOps team to deploy, maintain and scale the application
-Stay up-to-date with emerging trends and technologies in software development Employee perks, benefits-Professional and personal development.
-Comfortable working environment.
-20 working days paid vacation.
-Paid sick leaves.
-Medical insurance for employees, for children of employees.
-Language classes.
-Subscription for pool and gym.
-Opportunity to work remotely Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeReactJS - AdvancedNODE.JS - AdvancedJavaScript - AdvancedNumber of years of experience5 Advertiser Brief description of the companyIntellica, as a part of Digicode, is a custom software, mobile app and next generation global technologies development company based in Dallas Texas, with development centers in the US, Costa Rica, Israel, Ukraine, and Slovakia.
Nowadays, our team focuses on developing mobile applications, payments systems, back office software platforms and other software products. We specialize in developing for mobile platforms, for iOS, Android platforms, web applications, server platform technologies such as .NET, PHP and more. 
Intellica's, as a part of Digicode, main focus is on end-to-end projects as opposed to classic outsourcing models. We provide our customers with high-quality product planning, development, maintenance and support services. 
Intellica's, as a part of Digicode, managers and developers have strong background and years of experience gained by supplying software development services. 
We got expertise in work with remote clients and teams. We use cutting edge time project management methodologies and tools, providing our client with the benefits of ongoing tracking project status, analytics, dashboards and more. ContactContact person: Anastasiia NesterenkoE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4539680 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  16.3.2023 
    2023-03-16
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Backend developer, Frontend developer   Spoločnosť: Intellica DG, s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
