Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceQA Engineer / Tester 
×Ľutujeme, spoločnosť ponúkajúca danú pracovnú pozíciu ukončila zverejnenie ponuky na stránke.Ďakujeme za porozumenie.Zobraziť podobné ponukyQA Engineer / TesterSEITEQ s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
1 900 EUR/monthstarting at 1900+eur/month brutto - depending on candidate's knowledge, abilities and experience
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are currently seeking an ambitious Automation Engineer to join our growing team.
The role responsibilities include development of features, tools and infrastructure.
You will Work collaboratively with professional developers, software architects and product managers, in a fast-paced agile environment.
Our clients Business Intelligence Center of Excellence is seeking a visualization expert to contribute to insight packs for our market leading Solutions. The candidate will work with business and clients to design and implement new reports and dashboards. Employee perks, benefits• Flexible working hours
• Home Office
• Extra Vacation days
• Holiday/home office bonus
• Relax rooms
• Multisport card
• Technical courses, Certifications
• Worldwide IT Conferences
• Commercial partners discounts
• Summer club – full-day summer program for children of our employees
• Referral Program – to refer new employee
• Diners club credit card
• High-standard working conditions
• Geeky Fridays
• Massage Company on whose behalf the position is being filledInformation technology, computer programming, web portalsOur client is the largest and broadest provider of financial crime, risk and compliance solutions for regional and global financial institutions, as well as government regulators. Consistently ranked as number one in the space, our clients experts apply innovative technology to protect institutions and safeguard consumers and investors assets by identifying financial crime, preventing fraud and providing regulatory compliance. The company provides real-time, cross-channel fraud prevention, anti-money laundering detection, and trading surveillance solutions that address such concerns as payment fraud, cybercrime, sanctions monitoring, market abuse, customer due diligence and insider trading. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Number of years of experience2Personality requirements and skills2 to 4 years of experience in Software development or experience in SW company on manual / (ideally automation) QA position
Understanding of modern test automation patterns and standards
Analytical mind and problem-solving aptitude
Test data design skills
Hands-on experience with different types of test automation (Java, Selenium)
Practical experience in database applications (SQL, Oracle).
Background in Linux\Unix.
Experience with testing and integration tools (e.g. Jenkins, Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG).
Experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) – advantage.
Familiarity with Git.
Good knowledge of an object-oriented language Java – advantage
Experience with Unit Testing frameworks – advantage
Knowledge in operating systems, networking – advantage
Great team player with excellent interpersonal skills
Independent, strong self-learner, with ability to self-manage tasks and meet deadlines
High level of English with great communication skills both verbal and written
Problem solver, able to remove roadblocks. Advertiser Brief description of the companyConsulting & Integration
Outsourcing
Software developmentThe company is a holder of a licence to offer recruitment services. Number of employees25-49 employees 
ID: 4267505 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  10.3.2023 
    2023-03-10
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Programmer   Spoločnosť: SEITEQ s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 900 EUR/month
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
