Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Front-End Engineer 
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Senior Front-End EngineerDeutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            040 11 Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesPurpose
Software Developer works within SCRUM team, to develop, design and implement of new or modified software products or ongoing business projects. Target of development is automation of business processes and cross platform automation. The role is focused on the development of the Telekom Data Intelligence Hub (DIH). We use the full range of data sources, from IoT to social media, to create sustainable innovation/value from the use of data and AI building blocks. 
Main Tasks
    • Take part in creating software solutions in scaled agile environment as a member of a cross functional team
    • Builds cloud hosted, micro-service-based applications considering holistic business requirements and implications along the entire development process
    • Writes scalable and maintainable code
    • Ensures quality in every aspect of work, from writing and maintaining documentation, doing code reviews or testing 
    • Collaborates with other teams in an international environment 
    •  Shares knowledge with less experience colleagues. Documents and shares best practices. Wage (gross)2 700 EUR/monthWage (gross)
Final salary is negotiable. 
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary, we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will be no lower that 2700€/gross.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)Personality requirements and skillsQualifications
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR?
    • Bachelor or master's degree in the following areas: Computer science, Engineering or Information Technology or equivalent work experience in IT
    • At least 3 years' experience in development of complex software systems
    • Knowledge of related technologies such as:
    • Angular.js or React.js
    • HTML/CSS,
    • JavaScript,
    • Bootstrap,
    • OpenAPI,
    • SpringBoot
    • VCS and building tools (eg. Git, NPM),
Optional: 
    • Cloud know-how and experience (preferably AZURE)
    • Experience with Java/ Kotlin or Python 
    • Micro-service Architecture 
    • Experience with Kubernetes especially in cloud (AKS, EKS, etc.)
    • Experience with communication protocol like REST, AMQP, Kafka
    • Experiences with SQL and NoSQL databases like PostgreSQL, MSSQL/MySQL or MongoDB
    • Familiarity with Big Data Infrastructure like Hadoop, Azure Data Lakes, Cloudera Stack a plus
    • Use of basic Security Infrastructure Technology (VPN, PGP, OpenID Connect etc.)
    • Basic Unix/Linux Knowledge (Console, SSH etc.)
  Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Dragomir Catalin-FlorianE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4528357 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  28.3.2023 
    2023-03-28
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Frontend developer   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 700 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
