 Belépés ›
German and English Speaking Service Delivery Manager (IT Security) (REF1276Y) (Budapest)
German and English Speaking Service Delivery Manager (IT Security) (REF1276Y) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
német - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
German and English Speaking Service Delivery Manager (IT Security) (REF1276Y)
In this position, you will have the overall responsibility for the quality and compliance of our operations, as Deutsche Telekom Security, in accordance with the agreed contracts towards our existing customers and seek out new business opportunities with them. 
Tasks:
You will supervise contract fulfilment and contribute to its optimization for both the customer and Deutsche Telekom Security and monitor factors, which influence them.
You shall establish and refine processes to provide consistently high levels of customer service in a cost-effective manner as part of continuous improvement.
You will coordinate the collaboration of the relevant delivery units, their team leaders or OPMs to ensure daily operation and quick solution for issues that may arise.
You shall maintain a positive relationship with the customer representatives.
We offer a full time position to regular office hours.
You are excited to travel mostly around Europe
Skills:
You have a degree in economics of information management or adequate working experience in similar position.
You have an ITIL Foundation certificate and/or adequate working experience
You have a minimum of 3 years relevant working experience as a Service Delivery Manager.
You are fluent in English (both written and verbal at least B2)
You are fluent in German (both written and verbal at least C1)
You have a proven track of experience in contract management and negotiation
You possess distinctive project management skills, PMI or similar certification
You are knowledgeable of quality management methods
You have strong communication and presentation skills to Executive Management audience
Time management and prioritizing topics pose no issues to you
You have experience in the field of IT Security and are familiar with various products and services, which are in our portfolio
Advantages:
Experience in agile methodology/environment and mindset
Basic financial knowledge (e.g. forecasts, invoices, SAP) 
Fluent English (both written and verbal C1 or higher)
Fluent German (both written and verbal B2 or higher)
Experience with German customers with international location
Experience with international customers
You participated in transformation/transition projects in the IT/TC sector
You have experience with T-Systems internal tools
What our team can offer: 
Supportive, bondable team
Helpful colleagues in Germany (as your future direct contacts)
Our motto: 
„Seriousness of work is compensated with enough levity.”
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest,Szeged, Debrecen, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
