 Belépés ›
Senior Technical Writer (Open Telekom Cloud) REF1254G (Budapest)
Senior Technical Writer (Open Telekom Cloud) REF1254G (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Senior Technical Writer (Open Telekom Cloud) REF1254G
The Public Cloud Portfolio Unit operates on a national and international level, for medium-sized and large companies. We develop, market and operate agile, cloud-native, forward-looking products and services for the digital world. We see ourselves as innovation drivers and make our customers' business fit for the digital future. Our mission: Together with our customer, shaping the safest, easiest and most efficient transformation to a digitized and cloud-native future.
Your Department
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group.
We are measured by delivering a secure, stable and innovative platform. We work jointly with our platform partner and other partners out of the OpenStack ecosystem to create a highly innovative public cloud product based on European security and data protection standards.
We are looking for people who are professionals and evangelists with a great deal of enthusiasm for cloud technology and who are up to the challenges created by the development and operation of a hyper-scale public cloud.
We offer a unique insight into how a large public cloud works under the hood, intercultural teamwork, flat hierarchies and an independent work-style.
Your Tasks
As "Technical Writer" you understand the latest developments in cloud and container technologies. You moderate our Open Telekom Cloud customer communities and produce content that helps our customers make better use of our cloud.
Do you like?
Support and follow the rapid evolution of the Open Telekom Cloud product and feature releases by establishing trusted relationships with engineering, product and care teams.
Analyze, recommend, and document best practices and offering alternatives to our customers.
Understand the different information types (text, video, storybooks, flow diagrams, etc.) and produce well-structured, task-focused content suitable to the audience.
Manage the publishing process for the content, ensuring that stakeholders are engaged in content development and revision activities, including review and approval cycles.
Create technical solutions and best practices and be able to translate them into simple tutorials.
Create our own community and keep continuous contact with other open-source communities.
Review and edit content created by experts for technical accuracy and clarity.
Create blog posts, social media posts, vlogs or podcasts and run campaigns on social media.
Moderate different communication channels.
Your Profile 
 At least 3+ years of professional experience in IT.
Deep technical knowledge of software-, cloud- and container- technologies.
Strong customer focus.
Ability to assess technical solutions and come up with creative approaches.
Strong experience with blog posts, social media posts, vlogs, podcasts, or tutorials.
Strong practice with social media, ideally with open-source communities.
Fluency in written and spoken English.
You will be working in the European Union to meet our customers' data security and privacy requirements.
Internal Briefing
Optional: Technologies (public clouds, preferably OpenStack-based, Docker, Kubernetes) or excellent networking with the relevant OpenSource communities and many years of experience in OpenSource projects.
Optional: Experience with Agile development methods (e.g. DevOps, Scrum, Kanban) and tools (e.g. GitHub, JIRA, Confluence)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
