 Belépés ›
Tech Lead for MLOps Platform (Budapest)
Tech Lead for MLOps Platform (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Tech Lead for MLOps Platform
We seek our new passionate Tech Lead for our existing MLOps platform. In this position you will be in lead to further develop our MLOps platform in close alignment with our system architects. You will work within an international service hub as part of an agile team and serve multiple clients across Telekom. In your job you will collaborate with system architects, data scientists, data engineers, software engineers and IT experts and become part of something big.Your main responsibilities will include:
 Lead in design and the implementation of the MLOps platform
 Build, deploy, support and troubleshoot data & analytics applications in development and production on our MLOps platform
 Participate in architectural discussions
 Author clean code and tests for configuration management
 Support in creation of relevant system related documentation
 Become a role model for junior colleagues and support in mentoring, training of less experienced team members
You are the perfect candidate if you have…
 proven solid experience with Kubernetes (incl. operator framework), network plugins, helm charts
 familiarity with Kubeflow and Kubeflow pipelines
 awareness of security and privacy principles e.g. Certificate handling, encryption, authentications, secure protocols (SSL, TLS, etc.) (advantage)
 familiarity with cloud-native principles e.g. Scalability, service-based architecture
 experience with Hadoop stack (Spark, Hive and security aspects – Kerberos) - advantage
 solid expertise in setting up CI/CD pipelines with GitLab
  experience with Terraform scripting and AWS cloud solutions
 the intention to become part of something big and contribute to a huge milestone in our company
 a passion for challenges and enjoy teamwork in an agile set-up
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest,Debrecen,Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
