 Belépés ›
Service Chain Operations Manager (REF1549H) (Budapest)
Service Chain Operations Manager (REF1549H) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
SSC (Shared Service Center)
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - felsőfokú
német - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Service Chain Operations Manager (REF1549H)
Tasks:
Responsible for service chains of a specific business service / product cross various organizational units.
Responsible for KPIs and SLAs / OLAs of the contracted services.
Accountable for technical content of operational / specialized technical concepts. 
Ensure the quality of provided services and provides operational support.
Coordinate, manage and monitor operational performance.
Identify, formulate and implement the improvement of processes and policies to maximize operational output.
Steer the respective Operation Managers.
Operational interface between the production, the service delivery management (SDM) and other delivery units for the ordered delivery elements. 
Explanation of production options for SDM. 
Accountable for the default reporting ordered by the SDM.
Monitor, manage and improve the efficiency of provided services.
Single point of contact towards the internal customer.
Requirements:
English and/or German language knowledge (C1 level)
Proactive problem solving ability
At least 1 year of Operation Manager experience
Good knowledge of IT services, architectures and IT Service Management
Experience in optimizing operational processes
Team-management experience
ITIL Foundation certificate, and/or equivalent work experience
Project management experience
Advantage
Service Delivery Manager experience
Experience with Cloud operation and technologies
German language knowledge
Personality
Strong interpersonal skills
Structural problem-solving abilities
Analytical skills and the ability to interpret
Proactive approach
Ability to work in team
Willingness to change, flexibility
Stress resistant
Customer, value, result and performance orientation
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
