 Belépés ›
Embedded Software Engineer C++ (f/m/d) (Budapest)
Embedded Software Engineer C++ (f/m/d) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Cinemo GmbH
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
Embedded Software Engineer C++ (f/m/d)
Who is Cinemo?
Cinemo is a fast paced, highly successful global company, a hidden champion, located at the heart of Karlsruhe (Germany), Budapest (Hungary) and Seoul (South Korea). With our team of 200+ international people, we are creating embedded and cloud software for the next generations of In-Vehicle Infotainment (IVI) systems. Our customers are top branded automotive companies around the world.
We are working to empower any device with media. We are growing fast, breathing innovation and customer centricity. For our team we need exceptionally talented, bright people with a drive to work hard for their customers, both internally and externally. If you would like to help us get our software and cloud services into every car, this is your chance to make history.
Position Description:
As a C++ Embedded Software Engineer at Cinemo, you will be part of our embedded development core team. Together with your other highly qualified and motivated team members, you will work on our optimized multi-platform connected media player and high-speed connected media management software ensuring high software quality and revolutionary features.
Responsibilities:
Design and develop new features
Produce high quality code to maintain and defend the company leadership position
Maintain and improve existing software solutions
Test and ensure high software quality
Evaluate and identify new technologies for implementation
Experience & Skills:
Very good knowledge of C++ programming languages
High interest in next-generation multimedia
Experience in designing, extending and maintaining complex architectures
Very good knowledge in English
Self-motivated, proactive and able to work under minimal supervision
Good understanding of detailed levels while taking account of interdependencies at higher levels
Attention to the details
Place of employment:​ 1056 Budapest, Váci utca 81. or Karlsruhe
Benefits/perks:
Additional Healthcare benefit
Flexible working hours
31 days holiday per year
Hybrid working
Relocation support (international)
Modern and powerful hardware
Fruit, drinks and snacks for free
Central and modern offices
Free parking spaces
Challenging innovative projects with impressive customers
Reimbursement of optional German/ English language course
Lucrative referral program
Home office equipment // Ready for work
Salary range for (depending on seniority): 
45 000€ – 60 000€ per year gross
If you are passionate about new technology and keen on working within an international team, Cinemo is looking for you!
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
