 Belépés ›
Software Engineer - DevSecOps (Budapest)
Software Engineer - DevSecOps (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Software Engineer - DevSecOps
About Our Partner:
Our multinational partner, in order to become the most technology-driven airline in the world, is looking for a talented software engineer specialized in DevSecOps.
Tasks:
Build, migrate, implement and maintain environments and key technologies for COTS/SAAS apps by using the IaC principles, showing leadership towards OPS- & Security teams, and collaborate with the development team on the continual process improvement.
Build, implement and maintain CI/CD pipelines and its processes to support development teams with automated testing and security scanning while keeping an eye on FinOps.
Support the migration of our critical-, but also legacy landscape from on-premises to the Azure and Google Cloud environment in line with our strategical objectives. Experience with migrating COTS to SAAS is a pre.
Design and implement the overall architecture aligned with other self-engineered products to deliver.
Take care of specification, design, engineering, testing, delivery, maintenance, monitoring, and support of the IaC landscape.
Requirements:
Preferably Bachelor degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other relevant fields.
Minimum of 5 years of professional experience with engineering CI/CD pipelines on-premise and/or Azure/GCP environments.
Minimum of 5 years of professional experience in performing and automate COTS/SAAS environments by using the IaC and monitor everything principles, while industrializing environments.
Knowledge of CI/CD techniques and tooling (e.g., k8s, GitHub Actions, Bamboo, Jenkins, Git, etc.).
Proficient with automation tooling, configuration management and problem finding.
Experience with bringing enterprise applications to production and supporting development teams.
Experience in coaching and knowledge sharing to familiarize teams with DevSecOps best practices.
Knowledge with and experience in agile way of working (e.g., SAFe, Scrum, Agile).
Great communication skills, written and spoken (English) and team spirit.
This role requires participation in our on-call support rotation.
Available to come to the office 3 days a week, there are no formal rules about work from home yet, but most teams have a hybrid way of working.
Advantages:
Preferable being a certified Cloud DevOps Engineer for Azure / GCP / AWS
Experience in the developer- / infra related role in previous jobs
Munkavégzés helye
Pest, Pest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
