 Belépés ›
Operations Manager - REF1436I (Budapest)
Operations Manager - REF1436I (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
német - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
Operations Manager - REF1436I
If you have noticed your skills and strengths not entirely or properly utilized and stretched, you are ready to break up the tedious. Check out our offer, we have now a great opportunity open! We are looking for you to join us! Get in Touch!
As an Operations Manager, you are responsible for people, operations, budgets, project delivery and strategy. 
In this position, you need to:
    Plan and supervise the operating of the given type of services, while maintaining respective service levels, deadlines, and budgetary limitations.
    Coordinate the service delivery activities, monitor the work progress, and handle emerging problems and conflicts.
    Work in close collaboration with lead service management involved and other connected units, on developing and optimizing processes on priorities.
    Participate in projects, development of new services or on demands.
    Ensure, that changes are implemented, and incidents and problems are handled within the undertaken deadlines and at the contracted service levels.
    Promote a company culture that encourages top performance and high morale.
    Support Head of Team with employee performance related insights & takes actions on his/her level to address them; and escalates when/how necessary.
    Facilitate and moderate internal and external meetings/workshops/events, lead processes and discussions around the plan phase and during the run phase;
    Identify, recommend and drive the implementation of Service Automation & Digitization initiatives (e.g.: Designs, develops and implements solutions affecting the operations of the entire company organization);
    Mentor & Coach the OPM community members focusing on skills/qualities/methodologies/technics/etc. to maximize their potentials;
Skills:
    At least 3 year of Operations Manager experience;
    Experience with Cloud operation and technologies (preferred);
    Good knowledge of IT Service Management;
    Experience with matrix organisational structure;
    Languages: German and English;
    Good knowledge of Microsoft Excel and other office applications;
Soft skills:
    Strong interpersonal skills;
    Good communication skills;
    Structural problem-solving abilities;
    Analytical skills and the ability to interpret;
    Agile methodology knowledge is an advantage
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
