 Belépés ›
Cloud Engineer - (OTC) REF1553I (Budapest)
Cloud Engineer - (OTC) REF1553I (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Cloud Engineer - (OTC) REF1553I
We run Open Telekom Cloud! Open Telekom Cloud is a public cloud standard product based on open source community software and driven by principles of DevSecOps. Lean structures, agile methods, highly motivated teams and an extremely dynamic business environment determine our actions. With this customer-oriented and agile orientation, we are the anchor point for the Public Cloud business in Deutsche Telekom Group.
We are measured by delivering a secure, stable, and innovative platform. We work jointly with our platform partner and other partners out of the OpenStack ecosystem to create a highly innovative public cloud product based on European security and data protection standards.
We are looking for people who are professionals and evangelists with a great deal of enthusiasm for cloud technology and who are up to the challenges created by the development and operation of a hyper-scale public cloud. 
We offer a unique insight into how a large public cloud works under the hood, intercultural teamwork, flat hierarchies, and an independent working-style.
As an Engineer, you understand the latest developments in cloud and hardware technology. Customer-oriented, you will further develop the hardware architecture of our Open Telekom Cloud platform.
Tasks:
Be responsible for the structured expansion and upgrading of our hardware under hyper-scaler conditions.
Be a trusted advisor for public cloud technology.
Consistently automate with common automation frameworks.
Get your hands "dirty" without reservations.
Work in a team of specialists where everyone helps each other openly and with trust...
Skills:
Completed studies in a technical, engineering or scientific subject or comparable professional training. 
3-5 years of professional experience in IT with a focus on cloud and data centers. 
In-depth knowledge of server, storage and networking hardware.
Strong experience in Linux and network related services. 
Practice in hardware-oriented infrastructure automation and asset management.
High level of customer focus.
Knowledge of agile development processes.
Ability to assess technical solutions and come up with creative solutions.
Fluency in written and spoken English.
You will be working in the European Union to meet our customers' data security and privacy requirements. 
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
