 Belépés ›
Network Engineer-Optical Field (REF1458C) (Budapest)
Network Engineer-Optical Field (REF1458C) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
német - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Network Engineer-Optical Field (REF1458C)
Being part of the project team for providing the synchronization of next generation network infrastructures like 5G. Focusing on journey to support the ITIL based operation workflows for the incident & problem management in DT networks.
Key Tasks:
Second last level support for different synchronization technologies & platforms
Conducts of performance analyses and tunings as well as error analyses and troubleshooting.
Skills:
Expertise about the best-practice-framework “Information Technology Infrastructure Library” and known ITIL based tools like HP-Service Manager or PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager.
Knowledge of network management systems for telecommunication platforms
Expertise about synchronization technologies like GNSS services, atomic clocks, synchronous ethernet (ITU-T G.8281), PTPv2-2008 (ITU-T G8275.1), NTP (RFC 5905). 
Practical knowledge of high frequency-, antennas and measuring technology.
Vertical knowledge of technology solutions and ability to learn, understand, and work quickly within the Telecommunications technology space for Optical Transport Networks Domain.
Degree in communications engineering or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
Languages
English -Level B2
German- Level B1-B2
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
