 Belépés ›
Data engineer (Tatabánya)
Data engineer (Tatabánya)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Data engineer
AGCO, a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of agricultural solutions, has an exciting career opportunity for Data Engineer to join our team. AGCO is growing our data and analytics capabilities. This Data Engineer position is an entry-level Data Engineer role. The Data Engineer I role in the Proactive Customer Services team is responsible for preparing and converting raw data to analytics-ready data. The Data Engineer will apply data enablement processes for proof of concept and prototype projects in following data domains: machine telemetry (IoT data), customer and technical data.
What You Will Do:
Build data connections by collecting and processing data according to project needs.
Builds, evolves and scales out infrastructure to ingest, process and extract meaning out data.
Leverages existing datasets to fulfill data-related requests, perform necessary data housekeeping, data cleansing, normalization, hashing, and implementation of required data model changes
Prepares data for prescriptive and predictive models
Combine information from difference data sources
Analyzes data to spot anomalies, trends and correlate similar data sets.
Troubleshoots problems, identifies possible solutions, and resolves accordingly
Partner with Data Steward and Data Manager to ensure data quality
Proactively identifies data quality and processing efficiency opportunities
What You Will Bring:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Information Technology or equivalent certifications
Analytical software/language skills (Python, R, SQL)
Distributed big data processing frameworks (Spark, Kafka)
Experience with cloud and data related components such as AWS Glue, Athena, Step Functions, Lambdas, Redshift, RDS, Databricks, etc.
Reporting & Visualization tools (Tableau)
Munkavégzés helye
Tatabánya, Komárom-Esztergom
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
