 Belépés ›
EDS Integration Engineer (Budapest)
EDS Integration Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
EDS Integration Engineer
About our partner
We’re re-examining our vehicles and what a vehicle means in the emerging world of automation, connectedness, electrification and the shared economy. New ideas, new technology, and new approaches to mobility are our business. Join a team of next generation thinkers.
Tasks:
You will be working with the UK and Hungary EDS development teams to support delivery of the EDS commodity including geometry, cost, weight, quality and functional performance.
Support the delivery of the EDS commodity including geometry, cost, weight, quality and functional performance.
Merge logical data with mechanical data in alignment with build of design (BoD), build of process (BoP) and harness DFM requirements
Drive a robust integration between 3D CAD, Circuits, complexity and 2D drawings ensuring the full alignment
Create ECRs and 2D Drawings
A working knowledge of 2D / 3D wiring harnesses geometry, change control, product definition and change management processes are desirable in order to support the review of feasible product actions
Ensure robust implementation and compatibility with downstream systems through to production.
Understands technical requirements for delivery of vehicle EDS.
Create / provide all the required documentation / plans to support virtual builds, validation plans (PDP181, 5 step validation plan);
Requirements:
To be a self-starter able to sustain a high workload, multitask and to combine Engineering with business skills.
The ability to work within a team or alone with exceptional organisation skills and attention to detail.
Must be computer literate, excel, word, powerpoint and have the ability to easily adapt to company specific requirements
Good presentation skills with the ability to clearly communicate to all levels within the company.
Experience with CATIA V6 tool
Experience with Electrical Distribution System or electrical systems
Previous work within a multidiscipline Engineering team
Experience of technical problem resolution.
Knowledge of System validation processes.
Understanding the manufacturing process of Vehicles
Experience with the following tools: Team Center, DT Database, ECR Database, Digital Buck, EDS-Designer
Experience with CAPITAL HARNESS or HARNESS XC from MENTOR GRAPHICS
(previous knowledge in WERS, AIMS, RMDV, ECR’s would be a benefit but training can be provided).
What we offer:
Bring all this to the home of premium innovation, and you’ll find the opportunities to further your career working with a world-class team in state-of-the-art facilities. We offer a competitive salary and a performance related bonus scheme. All this and more makes the company the perfect place to continue your journey.
We are committed to equal opportunity for all.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
