 Belépés ›
Complexity Analysis Engineer (Wiring and Harness Design) (Budapest)
Complexity Analysis Engineer (Wiring and Harness Design) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Complexity Analysis Engineer (Wiring and Harness Design)
About our partner
We’re re-examining our vehicles and what a vehicle means in the emerging world of automation, connectedness, electrification and the shared economy. New ideas, new technology, and new approaches to mobility are our business. Join a team of next generation thinkers.
Tasks:
Working with the UK EDS development teams you will be enhancing the teams capability in designing for wiring complexity. Creating and managing the optioning and complexity of wiring systems. Within JLR our wiring harnesses are very complex and have to be coded for every feature in the vehicle. In fact many of the harnesses are built to order for specific vehicles. Your role will be to support this process of development of the wiring complexity and to work with the team to further develop the tools and techniques to optimise the designs.
Taking multiple data inputs regarding vehicle options and markets and create complexity designs and datasets for the wiring system design and manufacturing.
Understanding and optimising the trade-offs between variants and give aways and to define methods of optioning the wiring design to aid manufacturing.
Support the development of tools and processes to further enhance the design process.
Requirements:
As well as having passion for our world class products, you have:
Experience with big data, ability to handle large datasets
Ability to logically process the data to create optimised designs.
Knowledge of Electrical Distribution System (Wiring)
Fluent English knowledge
Coding experience is a plus
What we offer:
Bring all this to the home of premium innovation, and you’ll find the opportunities to further your career working with a world-class team in state-of-the-art facilities. We offer a competitive salary and a performance related bonus scheme. All this and more makes the company the perfect place to continue your journey.
We are committed to equal opportunity for all.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
