 Belépés ›
Senior Project Manager (REF1450G) (Budapest)
Senior Project Manager (REF1450G) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Senior Project Manager (REF1450G)
As Germany's largest systems integrator with 29,000 employees worldwide, we use artificial intelligence in the focus industries of automotive, manufacturing, logistics and public.
We accompany our customers both in individual projects and through in-house developments.
In projects we support in all phases: Architecture Consulting, Data Engineering, Data Science and DevOps or MLOps. In-house developments, such as the AI Solution Factory, make it possible to provide machine learning applications in higher quality, shorter time and lower costs.
We work customer-oriented with an application focus. Accordingly, we develop on AWS, Azure or the Open Telekom Cloud and advise on what suits our customers. The applications range from computer vision for visual quality monitoring, timeseries forecasting in public transport or natural language processing for the automated assignment of mails.
As “Senior Project Manager” you are responsible to steer customer projects as well as internal project teams. You support our strategic initiatives to build AI applications as well as building sustainable workflows for out international engineering teams.
In our team, you will take on the following responsibilities:
Management of customer and partnerprojects in the field of AI from proof of concept to execution as operated AI applications
Translation of customer requirements to tangible user stories in order to enable engineering teams to execute those tasks in time, quality and cost
Visualisation and presentation of project results, including customer communication if necessary
Execution and optimization of workflows and structures of our international delivery team, e.g. daily-, review- and retro-session
Project planning and milestone tracking: Creation of project roadmaps together with the product owner
You are a experienced project manager, who can inspire and execute. With drive and personal initiative, you tackle new challenges in the team and drive existing projects forward based on your own experience. You create the environment for technical teams to execute on the tasks. You like customer-centric work and understanding the business problem and you are able to understand and translate technical solution approaches.
You have the following competencies with multiple years of practical experience:
2+ years of experience as project manager, program manager or consultant in software projects
1+ years of experience in agile software projects
2+ years of experience in requirements engineering or solution design 
Basic understanding of software development, DevOps, product or asset development
Very good communication skills in English as well as confident appearance as well as the ability to assert yourself in discussions
An additional benefit would be:
Practical experience as a Scrum Master
Basic understanding of machine learning and AI, cloud solutions or solution design
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
