 Belépés ›
Technology Risk Consulting (Budapest)
Technology Risk Consulting (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Technology Risk Consulting
Senior Consultant – Technology Risk
Your new company 
 Our partner, who a professional services firm, providing Assurance, Consulting, Strategy and Transactions, Tax services, is looking for a Senior Consultant in Technology Risk sector. 
Your new position 
 As a Senior Consultant, you will support IT audits, IT support of financial audits, IT risk assessments, IT control assessments, ERP process reviews, technical security risk assessments, and consulting engagements with the support of the IT Audit Manager. We are looking for professionals having IT audit, IT and business process experience, and great communication skills.
Your key responsibilities will be:
Participate in enterprise risk management implementations.
Support clients in strategy and execution for the compliance program to include SOC2, SOX, GDPR, and other regulatory data handling certifications.
Recognising new business opportunities that create value for clients and turning them into projects.
Planning and responsible for delivering IT Audits successfully, ensuring profitability of projects, and handling the administrative tasks as a manager.
Coaching and responsible for the development of junior colleagues, acting as a team leader with the support of partners.
What you need for the success 
 To fill this position you need university degree in a relevant field, e.g. Computer Science and/or Economics, Software Engineering, 3+ years’ experience in IT audit, leading IT audits and smaller teams, broad understanding of industry standards and frameworks (ISO 27001-2 and/or COBIT and/or ITIL), experience in ERP systems, processes, and application controls experience using SQL language, solid writing and communication skills, fluent in English and Hungarian.
What to expect from our partner
• Team of young, talented professionals
• Excellent career opportunities
• Competitive salary
• Central Budapest office location
What you need to do now.
If you find the opportunity interesting, click on the 'apply' button and send us your updated CV.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
