 Belépés ›
Software Engineer (CyberArk) (REF1366M) (Budapest)
Software Engineer (CyberArk) (REF1366M) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Software Engineer (CyberArk) (REF1366M)
T-PAM provides central vault services for the Scalable, secure & GDPR-compliant management of privileged accounts which are used within applications of Deutsche Telekom. Human and non-human users can utilize T-PAM services to securely inject privileged credentials into their own business processes.
The basic product for T-PAM is the “Password Vault” system from CyberArk.
T-PAM is currently under construction. The technical structure, operational processes, etc. must therefore be designed primarily. In the future, various projects for connecting applications to the T-PAM infrastructure and for further developing T-PAM functionalities and services are to be implemented.
We are looking for a developer with good analysis skills!
In the T-PAM application (which is based on CyberArk building blocks), we would like to strengthen ourselves with a new colleague in our team.
You:are interested in working in an agile, cross-functional and international Scrum teamenjoy analyzing, clarifying and implementing technical requirementstake responsibility for the implemented functionality, code quality and technical documentationRequirements:You have experience (or willingness to learn )in the development and maintenance of CyberArk plugins resp. connection components or want to learn this (we offer trainings for this)You are fluent in English (since it is our default team language)You have experienced with Python and C#Experience and knowledge are advantageous, but not a requirement:Experience in using REST APIsBasic knowledge of IP network and communication pathsExperience in using cloud technologies of AWS, Azure or the T-Systems FCIExperience in scripting and proficient use of GitGerman language knowledge
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
