 Belépés ›
power plant software engineer (Magyarország)
power plant software engineer (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Software Modelling Engineer
As a Power Plant Software Modelling Engineer, you will support and customize a software, our partner’s unique digital solution that helps power plants to plan and monitor their maintenance and operation easily. You will be responsible for activities during the proposal phase (software order execution, product hand-over to the customer), communicating with customers and plants, as well as setting up various monitoring methods depending on the project. The tasks of the engineer will include:
Technical project execution
Evaluation of contract and project boundary conditions
Setup of project execution schedule
Evaluating engineering documents, e. g. P&IDs, power plant component design data, component detailed drawings and signal lists of the distributed control system
Setup of the configuration for the software
Commissioning of the system on the applicable power plant server
Quality check of the installations and the installations environment
Preparing customer documentation
Training the customers remotely or sometimes on-site
Our partner is a major company in the energy industry. They are involved in various power generation technologies such as gas turbines, hybrid power plants, generators, transformers. They also provide modern and sustainable solutions for energy transport and storage. We are looking for a Power Plant Software Modelling Engineer to join their team.
The ideal candidate has:
University degree in mechanical or electrical engineering
2-3 years of experience in power plant area
You have knowledge of design of power plants/power plant components and how they function (gas/steam turbines, boilers, pumps, any rotating equipment)
Previous experience working with a database
Knowledge of water-steam cycle design
Strong communication skills
Troubleshooting skills
Fluent English and Hungarian language knowledge
Advantage:
Basic programming skills in Python, C++, PHP, or another advanced programming language knowledge
Knowledge of Machine Learning and Data Mining, mathematical algorithms for diagnosis and optimization
German language knowledge
What our partner can offer:
Attractive salary
Other benefits: cafeteria + yearly bonus
Provides ability to work with multiple levels of management to gain knowledge of the operational and commercial processes in the power plant industry.
Work in a friendly, modern environment
2 Home office days per week
Flexible working hours – work-life balance provided
Training opportunities
Team building events, fruit days, health care programmes in the company
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
