 Belépés ›
Operations Coordinator (Vas megye)
Operations Coordinator (Vas megye)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Operations Coordinator
Your new company
Our partner is a leading international technology group in the areas of specialty glass, glass-ceramics and glass innovations. They are looking for a new colleague to join their new pharma unit.
Your new role
You coordinate process and document requests (incidents, changes) received from key users of different locations as well as maintenance activities 
You narrow down root causes, derive necessary tasks and organize with locations and our technical experts 
You will be involved in support tasks (2nd/3rd level) and troubleshooting 
You support roll-out projects both from organizational and technical point of view
You provide training for users on our IT applications in production, plant maintenance and quality
You establish a good relationship to the key users of the different locations and gather a good understanding of their requirements and collect ideas for continuous improvement
What you'll need to succeed
You have a degree (B.Sc.) in computer science, engineering or natural sciences; alternatively, you have a comparable qualification through a completed apprenticeship with several years (3-5 years) of work experience and have a strong understanding of IT 
You have experience with ITSM tools (e.g. ServiceNow) and tools for agile working methods (e.g. Jira & Confluence) 
You have practical experience in the operation (and implementation) of production-related software systems/ applications in a production-related environment (MES, PDA, CAQ, etc.) 
You have first experience in the administration of both Linux (e.g. Debian) and Windows system, as well as the development of scripts and applications for automated administration 
You have a good understanding on virtualization, container- and cloud-based deployments as well as the management of services based on Docker & Co. 
If you gained first experience with GMP related tasks, is a plus 
Good communication skills, especially in English, a team oriented working style distinguish you 
You enjoy to work in a diverse and locally distributed team 
What you'll get in return
You can expect a unique corporate culture where we emphasize equity, diversity and inclusion. We know: motivated and committed employees are the condition for the success of our company.
You can expect interesting tasks and challenging projects, as well as motivated and friendly teams in fields that influence our future. 
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
