 Belépés ›
Java Developer (Magyarország)
Java Developer (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Java Developer
Tasks:
Commercial Software Engineers are T-shaped professionals.
As Commercial Software Engineer, you take care of specification, design, engineering, testing, delivering, deploying, maintaining, and supporting digital products.
The ability to deliver code in one or more programming languages is at the core of the job.
As a T-shaped professional you brings deep expertise in one or more crafts and proficiency in other crafts.
In the product team, the Commercial Software Engineers together secure all the skills, knowledge and experience on analysis, design and architecture, development, quality assurance, DevOps, LCM and operational support as needed.
Depending on the service level agreements (SLA) the Commercial Software Engineer can be asked to participate in consignation duties, for example if 24/7 support is agreed. 
We value both technical expertise (analysis, design and architecture, engineering, quality assurance and DevPps) as well as the interpersonal parts of the job (coaching, consulting, coordination, and support).
Our Client is a leading European airline. Their IT is a strong mature agile organization with over 1.000 internal employees worldwide – but they are starting fresh in Budapest with a new start-up this year.
Are you looking for a chance to work in truly European spirit with their future technological developments?
Together you fly 110 aircraft to 145 destinations, bringing millions of passengers to where they need to be, developing sustainable travel and pushing the boundaries of air travel towards to the future.
Skills:
Bachelor or Master degree level or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other relevant fields through study or IT experience
2 - 4 years of experience building production-grade software
3 years of expertise in Java/J2EE, Spring, Spring Boot, Kotlin, Knowledge of API management, handling SOAP services and REST API, Hibernate, Maven, Docker, Kubernetes, Groovy, Git, Jenkins, Ready API
Identity and Access Management, Storn in Oauth 2, good knowledge in application and endpoint security
Experience with Unit testing, Contract based testing, release-on-demand concepts and automated build tools (e.g. Bamboo)
Code Quality maintenance ( Sonar, Performance/LOAD Testing , Integration Testing , Security Scanning )
Being able to engineer for Azure
Practical experience and a strong theoretical basis for dealing with complex architectures
Curiosity to discover the complex domain processes
Proactive attitude
Good communication skills, written and spoken (English)
Great team player that can work well as part of a diverse, international team
Agile mindset
Nice to have:
OPEN ID connect, microservices, DevOps CICD, Mongo DB, Redis cache, Dynatrace, Oracle PL/SQL,
Java script, Message brokers Active and Kafka
A challenging role at an unique employer in the Netherlands
Plenty of room for personal development and wonderful career opportunities
A good pension scheme, end of the year bonus, and profit sharing
Great discounts on airline tickets (if you have been in service for at least 6 months)
A travel expenses scheme and a quarterly duty trip to Amsterdam
Discount on your health insurance
A personal budget for sustainable employability
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
