 Belépés ›
IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1356U) (Budapest)
IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1356U) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
IT Architect for Software Engineering (REF1356U)
As an IT Architect for Software Engineering you are defining and improving the existing tool chains to support the defined SE process standards. The main driver for your daily business is to satisfying our colleagues working on our infrastructure to deliver complex and secure applications with high quality to external customers. You provide highly integrated and best of breed tool chains to increase efficiency to reduce the total lead time in software development.  All enhancements and adaptions comply to the target infrastructure of T-Systems. You are skilled in approaches like Infrastructure as Code (IaC) principles of DevOps network technologies Container and Kubernetes architecture You are developing infrastructure and software assets automating our DevOps pipelines. You are doing that in DevOps manner with professional continuous delivery pipelines. The pipelines are following our defined process standards and commited target architecture. Typical activities  Scripting for Ansible, Helm, Bash, ... Developing and testing Kubernetes cluster setups regarding persistent storage solutions (Longhorn) monitoring, logging, security hardening as well as GitOps. Define architecture of development tools integration and configuration. Innovate tool chain by selecting appropriate plugins and tool extensions/replacements. Manage and plan security updates. Discuss, represent, and evolve our development pipeline offerings with customers and project teams. 
At least 5 years of practice in programming of applications with Java or similar programming language including deep Unix knowledge. Knowledge in different project models like classic approach, agile methods (e.g. Scrum, SAFe, ...) and DevOps Good experience with tools and frameworks supporting the SE process  Software engineering tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, CI pipelines with Jenkins, Test tool like Xray.  In addition you have an idea not as an expert, but you see the lever of moderns frameworks and approaches for test automation or Infrastructure as Code (IoC) like Docker, Ansible, Helm, Kubernetes. Knowledge about measuring process performance with KPIs High team and communication skills, ability of consulting Language skills in English, fluent verbal and written  
Expert
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
