 Belépés ›
DevOps Engineer-Optical Field (REF1457C) (Budapest)
DevOps Engineer-Optical Field (REF1457C) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
DevOps Engineer-Optical Field (REF1457C)
Being part of the project team for providing the orchestration solution for fulfilment and operations. Focusing on journey to deliver the automated testing pipeline for the integration testing activities. Engineering teams collaborate in small, specialized squads for either general platform improvement or development of new value-added features following an agile process.
Tasks:
Design, develop and execute automated quality of software activities.
Managing activities in resolving issues raised to achieve a solution.
Conducts of performance analyses and tunings as well as error analyses and troubleshooting.
Setup the automated integration testing process.
The process shall realize validation of software modules for the orchestration platform in phases of acceptance testing, integration, and deployment to production.
Requirements
Being enabler for the integration testing team collaboration with the Product Owner and the development team focusing on DevOps.
Knowledge of validation processes, using DevOps tools for CICD environment such as GitLab.
Hands-on software testing experience for Behave, Gherkin, Mountebank.
Hands-on software experience for Python.
Practical knowledge of virtualisation and containers with focus on Kubernetes.
Vertical knowledge of technology solutions and ability to learn, understand, and work quickly within the Telecommunications technology space for Optical Transport Networks Domain is the plus.
Degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
Languages:
English – Communicative with fluent technical vocabulary.
German – Nice to have.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
