 Belépés ›
Content developer in e-learning/Instructional designer - REF570E (Budapest)
Content developer in e-learning/Instructional designer - REF570E (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
német - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Content developer in e-learning/Instructional designer - REF570E
As an E-learning content writer / Instructional Designer, you will be responsible for designing and developing digital learning content using the latest learner-centric and most innovative methods. 
In this role, you will develop and update e-courses, learning activities, assessments and deliver training to various stakeholders, supporting our teams acquire product and domain knowledge that they need to thrive in their roles.
You will have the unique opportunity to work with our thought leaders and help to transform our proprietary knowledge into best-in-class and innovative learning experiences for self-paced learning.
Roles and Responsibilities
Development of new training concepts and ideas using various methodologies and didactic approaches for learning products, eg. videos, e-courses, learning journeys.
Designs and structures interactive training content for our technical or non-technical learners using instructional design.
Using instructional design principles and best practice.
Prepare storyboards, build learning content (text, pictures, instructions, exercises, etc.) from source files.
Collaborate with subject matter experts in the course of development.
Implement feedback received from experts.
Use authoring tools such as Articulate Rise and Storyline.
Participate in any phase of e-learning development process.
Cooperation with other specialists, subject matter experts and business leaders.
Utilize game-based learning and keep up to date with new developments in the online training industry.
Iteratively prototype and test learning solutions to ensure they deliver value.
Skills:
MA in English or German languages and min 3-5 years of teaching experience
Strong knowledge of didactic and adult learning principles
Ability to understand information on various topics and work with text
Attention to detail
Ability and willingness to learn
Experience with video making tools (eg Camtasia), e-learning tools and software (Articulate or other)
OUR OFFER
Opportunity to participate in creating international programmes
Great international team and informal start-up atmosphere
Strong company culture and team spirit
Opportunity to learn and improve technical and soft skills
Possibilities for career development
Home office
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Experienced
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Neked ajánlott állások
