Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
AWS Cloud Migration Engineer (REF1548J) (Budapest)
AWS Cloud Migration Engineer (REF1548J) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
AWS Cloud Migration Engineer (REF1548J)
About us 
 ​In the AWS PowerHouse, we are specializing at accompanying our customers on their Cloud adoption journey. Whether it’s a transition from different Cloud or it’s their first time moving from on premises to Cloud, we are there for them to safely guide them through all stages of their transformation because we understand what it takes to become a part of a digital future with innovative solutions.
Our mission: Shaping the safest, easiest, and most efficient transformation to a digitized and cloud-native future together with our customer.
Your Tasks
As the AWS Migration Engineer, you will be executing the migration & transformation strategy for our customers as part of an agile migration team, headed by the AWS Migration Architect. Among your main responsibilities will be performing migrations from On-Premises Cloud and Cloud to Cloud, utilizing the most efficient tools available. You will be also consulted for relevant documentation, defining, and improving migration plans and processes, performing landscape deployments (both manual and automated) and validations. You will be part of an international team, where you’ll be managing tasks and working closely together with the Architect for Migration teams during the migrations.
Perform various migrations between Clouds or from premises to Cloud based on customers’ requirements and needs, focusing on AWS
Optimize all onboarding scenarios for customers on public cloud together with 3rd party products for migration
Work in highly dynamic, international environment and with customer representatives in the team, while serving as the technology expert
Collaborate with T-systems partners such as AWS and others
Directly communicate with end customers to discuss possibilities of migration, transformation, and their optimal designs
Your Profile
We are looking for someone with an entrepreneurial spirit who is keen to make a positive impact for our customers. You are a team player always ready to learn technologies and ready to support enterprises to adopt public cloud. In addition, you ideally bring the following with you:
2+ years of relevant work experience on AWS with basic certification
Understanding of migration concepts and migration tooling (the ex. AWS Application Migration Service, etc.)  
Understanding of Infrastructure as Code and automation possibilities (ex. Terraform)
Experience in Continuous Deployment tools and Version control tools (GitLab)
Very high motivation and the ability to thrive in a dynamic environment
General ICT skills (Network, OS, Storage, Database etc.)
Basic Scripting & Coding knowledge (PowerShell, Bash, Python)
Some experience with Agile tooling and processes
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Thyssenkrupp -
Control System Engineer (Debrecen)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
IT Security Manager (REF1606M)
Best Hunters Tanácsadó Iroda -
GYENGEÁRAMÚ HÁLÓZATTELEPITŐ 
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
