Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Network Engineer (REF218L) (Budapest)
Network Engineer (REF218L) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
Network Engineer (REF218L)
You will be part of an innovative and agile work environment, where you will implement future-oriented network solutions to manage one of Telekom Deutschland's most focused projects!
Our group called VNI is responsible for the integration, validation and production of test results that meet the requirements of the Deutsche Telekom AG Platform. The environment for our work is provided by a 4,000 square meter lab in Germany, where you can find a complete copy of the live network. Our daily tasks are carried out remotely in several virtual Squads with German and international colleagues.As a Network engineer, we give you the opportunity to experiment with the latest Cisco, Juniper, Huawei devices in the design and developing of new networks, reaching a huge Telekom site with cutting edge devices from a distance. Technology keywords: Cisco, Juniper, BNG, MSAN, LNS, Huawei. TasksPreparing, defining (high and low level lab design) and following up of thest scenarios and validating and documenting test resultsDefining the requirements of labor infrastructure and test/measuring equipmentsTest automation with the help of scriptsTechnical consulting with manufacturers and suppliers if needed (Cisco / Juniper / Huawei)Other Network design tasks are expected to complement the role in the long run
 (minimum 4 from these)3-5 years of working experience in the network fieldCCNP exam, or equivalent knowledgeJNCP exam, or equivalent knowledgeProgramming and language skills (Python, CSS, JavaScript)DevNetFirewallLoadbalancerMinimum B2 English
Experienced
AdvantagesKnowledge of MPLS environmentGerman (B2 level) or willingness to learn germanExperience in agile methodology* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
IT Security Manager (Corporate Security) (REF822R)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
IT Security Manager (REF1606M)
Best Hunters Tanácsadó Iroda -
GYENGEÁRAMÚ HÁLÓZATTELEPITŐ 
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
