Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior DevOps Engineer (Budapest)
Senior DevOps Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Senior DevOps Engineer
Aegon Global Technology Services (GTS) provides IT infrastructure and application support services to the Aegon businesses. GTS is responsible for the provision, support and ongoing maintenance of IT operating platforms, applications and services. There is also a strong connection with external providers necessitating vendor and service provider management. GTS is responsible for driving the technology strategy and providing IT infrastructure solutions that are in alignment with business objectives and the GTS technology strategy.
What You Will Do:
Develop, Deploy and Support Cloud Infrastructure, as code artifacts or modules;
Design, Build and Maintain Cloud infrastructure and applications;
Support and deliver using Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery pipelines;
Design and Support resiliency and scalability using AWS and other cloud platforms;
Enable systems with automated monitoring and alerting;
Support the Team and Customers with day-to-day requests, Change and Incident tickets;
Support Technology stack refresh on Systems (end-to-end) when required;
Ensure automated security is built into each technology stack
What You Will Need:
Qualifications;
Four-year Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent work experience;
3 or more years of experience including 2 years of experience in supporting enterprise-level platform installations;
3 years of experience working with cloud providers (Azure/ AWS, etc..);
At least 2 years of experience with Agile development and planning methodologies;
2-3 years of experience working in a high performing DevOps team or role;
2-3 years of experience in performance monitoring, alerting and troubleshooting in an enterprise;
Strong, holistic understanding of the internet and hosting from the network layer up through the application layer
Preferred:
Experience working in roles with a strong focus on security, including automated alerting and response;
Demonstrate a strong understanding of API’s and API Security;
Demonstrated ability in automated code testing;
Certifications in relevant technologies, methods, or platforms;
Demonstrate the key critical behaviors of commitment to task, communication, customer focus, decision;
Making/problem solving, tolerance of ambiguity, planning, prioritizing, and goal setting
Offers
Very good development opportunities in a global company;
Workplace in a pleasant atmosphere with motivated and team-oriented colleagues;
Diverse and interesting tasks and projects;
Competitive salary
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
