Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
SAP PP supporter (Budapest)
SAP PP supporter (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
SAP PP supporter
Feladatok
SAP support of SAP R/3 and S/4 PP module
Support of Sedapta
Ticketing, contribution to projects
Specification of SAP, Sedapta and scanner developments
Testing and implementation of new features
User support and training
Business improvement in the field of PP (production and production planning)
Authorization management
Elvárások
3+ years of user and customizing experience with SAP PP
Experience in writing development specifications
Ability to understand ABAP code. Debugging or development skills is a plus
Good level of English
Willingness to travel (10%)
Personality:
Logical way of thinking
Ability to work independently
Effective communication
Advantages:
Good MM knowledge and/or experience with product cost collector is a plus
Sedapta knowledge
Experience with the connection of MES Systems and SAP ERP
EDI experience
German knowledge
Amit kínálunk
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Thyssenkrupp Components Technology Hungary Ltd. Daróczi str. 1-3., H-1113 Budapest   |  Phone: +36 (1) 505-9159  |  Fax: +36 (1) 505-9101  |  www.thyssenkrupp.hu
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hire-One Személyzeti Tanácsadó Kft. -
Sales support engineer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP SD Consultant/Analyst
Hays Hungary Kft. -
ERP Specialist
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
ERP programozó
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP IT Application consultant Controlling
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
