Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Senior Frontend Developer (Budapest)
Senior Frontend Developer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Senior Frontend Developer
Your new company
Be part of a more than 20 years old success story than was born in Budapest but got international with thyssenkrupp. We are proud that the dedication of our colleagues and the innovative knowledge made our Budapest development center truly successful.
We have a place for you in our dynamically growing company if you value professional development and would like to be part of a cheerful international environment.
Your new role
Participate in an international team rolling out a manufacturing execution system globally
Contribution to the implementation and development of business applications
Responsible for reliability and quality of implemented applications
Strong collaboration with solution architects and development team
Design, develop and maintain web applications
Contribution to continuous improvement of the development guidelines and documentation
Contribution to continuous improvement of development methodology and processes
Maintain, support and optimize the already installed solutions in our plants all over the world
What you'll need to succeed
Profound education in Computer Science, Information Technology or Information Systems (Master, Bachelor or comparable) or equivalent working experience
Excellent skills and 5+ years of development experience in web development frameworks / libraries (e.g. React, Vue)
Excellent skills in JavaScript, JSON, XML, HTML5, CSS, REST & SOAP services
Excellent English in spoken and written
Advantage:
Experience with OData services
Experience with TypeScript
Experience with Git / Azure DevOps (CI/CD)
Experience with containerization (e.g. Docker)
Personality:
Good communication and problem-solving skills
Proactivity
Result-oriented and practical thinking
Ability and willingness to learn new things quickly
Efficient, independent and team-oriented form of work
What you'll get in return
modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
