Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
IT Expert SAP WM/IM and warehousing (Budapest)
IT Expert SAP WM/IM and warehousing (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
IT Expert SAP WM/IM and warehousing
As an IT specialist various enhancements and optimizations will be customized in SAP WM/M to support our logistics departments in their daily work. The main focus of this position is the interface to our automatic warehouses and the setup and optimization of these processes as well.
Main tasks, roles, and responsibilities:
Detailing the solution design in close cooperation with our logistics solution architects
Customizing in SAP to fulfill business requirements
Contact to the business for automatic warehouses
Steering of external consultants
Creation of programming requests for our internal development team or for external programmers
Testing
Special Tasks/Key challenges:
Support of processes in the area of automatic warehouses and the interface to SAP ERP
Participation in the S/4 rollout
Our Business Service Center is a German family-owned automotive company, and they would like to represent themselves also in the Hungarian market. They are planning to hire 350 new employees, and they will have a brand new office in Budapest. New colleagues will have a chance to join a new company and to make decisions on professional topics. These employees who add their own ideas would be prioritized by the management of the company. Fluent English is necessary to use for everyday work.
Expectations
University degree with a focus on IT or similar qualification/training
3 or more years of experience
Experienced working in an international, virtual team
Deep SAP knowledge in the area of SAP-WM/IM and in the surrounding SAP modules
Knowledge about automatic warehouses and interface technology via IDOCs
Good English skills (spoken and written)
Offer
Professional development opportunities
Competitive salary
Dynamic atmosphere
Home-office possibility
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP ABAP Developer - Specialist
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Teszt koordinátor - SAP tesztelés - Nagyvállalat
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP ABAP Developer - Specialist
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP PP supporter
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Solution Architect
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
