Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
AWS Cloud Migration Architect (REF1547Q) (Budapest)
AWS Cloud Migration Architect (REF1547Q) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
AWS Cloud Migration Architect (REF1547Q)
About us 
​In the AWS Cloud Adoption Team (CAT), we are specializing at accompanying our customers on their Cloud adoption journey. Whether it’s a transition from different Cloud or it’s their first time moving from on premises to Cloud, we are there for them to safely guide them through all stages of their transformation because we understand what it takes to become a part of a digital future with innovative solutions.
Our mission: Shaping the safest, easiest, and most efficient transformation to a digitized and cloud-native future together with our customer.
Your Tasks
As the AWS Migration Architect, you will be responsible for ensuring the Cloud adoption strategy by defining the cloud adoption roadmap aligned with the target platform solution design, business strategies and the existing landscape environment. You will be responsible for creating the optimal migration journey by leveraging TSI standards as well as cloud native tooling and processes. You will be also contributing to creation and improvement of the migration scenarios, set of best practices, and leveraging Zero Touch approach wherever possible.  As AWS Migration Architect, it will be in your responsibility to manage the engagement with cloud service providers through the build and run phases to ensure that customer achieves maximum value from cloud initiatives and services.
Implement complex customer requirements in technical solutions in accordance with best practices, cost-efficiency and future security based on Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Develop both High-Level and Low-Level design for all possible variations of migration or transformation to hybrid cloud products (private/public) based on AWS
Optimize all onboarding scenarios for customers on private & public cloud together with 3rd party products for migration
Cooperate with the product owner on the continuous development of the T-systems cloud adoption portfolio
Collaborate with sales on preparation of complex customer inquiries and tenders
Be an advisor for local and international customers on optimal cloud adoption strategies
Collaborate directly with end customers, with T-systems partners and international teams
Create, define and improve processes and plans related to migration 
Your Profile
We are looking for an individual with strong background in public cloud technologies who is ready to help customers on their migration journey to public cloud. In addition, you ideally bring the following with you:
5+ years of relevant work experience with AWS cloud technologies and/or field relevant certification (Professional and/or Specialty)
A deep technical understanding of public cloud technologies and practical experience in public cloud adoption and migration
Experience with advocating and implementing Cloud Adoption Frameworks on AWS, MAP, MRE, MPA and other meaningful best practices
A can-do attitude which helps you to stand out in a fail fast culture
Passion to work in a global and diverse organization and environment
Excellent presentation and communication skills (spoken and written English)
Familiarity with application discovery tools and cloud migration software is an asset
Some experience with Agile tooling and processes
Experience with Infrastructure as Code and automation possibilities (ex. Terraform)
Experience with Version Control Systems (GitLab)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
