Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Application Support Engineer (Budapest)
Application Support Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Thyssenkrupp
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
Gyártás, műszaki terület
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
távmunka, home office
angol - középfokú
thyssenkrupp is an international group of companies comprising largely independent industrial and technology businesses and employing 96,000 people. Across 48 countries it generated sales of €41 billion in fiscal year 2021/22. Backed by extensive technological know-how, the businesses develop cost-effective and resource-friendly solutions to the challenges of the future, especially in the fields of climate protection, the energy transition, digital transformation in the industry and mobility of the future.
In the Hungarian development center with our engineering team of 1000 we are present as an innovative and significant partner in one of the fastest growing and most exciting segment of the automotive industry, in the field of electromechanical steering systems. With outstanding quality and high-tech developments we meet the needs of renowned car manufacturers and our developments can be found in 25 % of the manufactured cars all over the world. Our engineers work on new challenges that can change the future of automotive.
Application Support Engineer
Feladatok
The development of solutions for our future PLM / ALM landscape based on the Siemens PLM application suite is your primary goal. You will take part in developing concepts and in the technical realization.
You will configure our PLM system landscape and adapt it from a technical perspective. Furthermore you will help in coordinating our external partners as part of the project activities.
In building up our future engineering landscape you will get in touch with different topics like PLM, ALM, MBSE (Model Based System Engineering), Big Data and Advanced Analytics and you will work jointly together with colleagues from the engineering departments as well as from IT.
You will always keep an eye on technological developments in order to be able to assess the beneficial use of digital technologies in the field of engineering applications.
Elvárások
BSc/MSc degree in IT or another relevant field
Strong foundation of general IT knowledge with a degree of experience in development and also in application operation
Experience in application support (both from technical and human perspective)
Passion for new technologies and innovations in the PLM and ALM environment
Fluent English (both written and spoken)
Excellent problem solving skills
Friendly personality and good communication skills
Enjoy working in a team
"Can do" attitude
Willingness to travel (once or twice in a year to Eschen, Liechtenstein)
Experience in automotive industry
Amit kínálunk
A modern office in the 11th district is waiting for you to support your creativity with fun community places, cafe rooms, an own cinema and a skybar
You can be part of a successful and growing company in the field of technology
We support you with flexible working hours and home office opportunity (60 % of the working time in many of our positions)
Competitive salary and wide range of other benefits (cafeteria & bonus) are provided to you
You can learn new languages in small groups, selecting from 5 languages
We organize leisure time activities (board games, sport activities)
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Thyssenkrupp Components Technology Hungary Ltd. Daróczi str. 1-3., H-1113 Budapest   |  Phone: +36 (1) 505-9159  |  Fax: +36 (1) 505-9101  |  www.thyssenkrupp.hu
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Azure Cloud Consultant (REF1499H)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Senior Solution Engineer (GitOps) (REF1597A)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Cyber Security Analyst Tier2 (REF196L)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
