Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Azure Cloud Consultant (REF1499H) (Budapest)
Azure Cloud Consultant (REF1499H) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Azure Cloud Consultant (REF1499H)
About us:As Cloud Migration Services (CMS) part of T-Systems, we are specializing at accompanying our customers on their Cloud adoption journey. Whether it’s a transition from different Cloud or it’s their first time moving from on premises to Cloud, we are there for them to safely guide them through all stages of their transformation because we understand what it takes to become a part of a digital future with innovative solutions.Our mission: Shaping the safest, easiest and most efficient transformation to a digitized and cloud-native future together with our customer.Your Tasks:As Cloud Consultant for Cloud Adoption Services you will be responsible for defining cloud strategies, migration roadmaps and building cloud governance models. You will help our global customers to successfully adopt public cloud to support their strategic goals.Help customers shape their journey of adopting Amazon Web Services, Azure or Google Cloud Platform and provide them with technical and strategic guidance to accelerate their cloud transformation.Lead customer engagements from pre-sales to delivery and act as link between the customer, sales and technical project team.Conduct customer workshops to understand technology and business drivers and present technical concepts. Work with our Product Managers to continuously improve our Cloud Adoption portfolio providing insights on customer projects and market trends. Advise on technology and strategic vision, define cloud adoption and migration strategies and hand-off to architect and migration teams.
Your Profile:We are looking for someone with an entrepreneurial spirit who is keen to make a positive impact for our customers. You are passionate about supporting enterprises to adopt public cloud. In addition, you ideally bring the following with you:A university degree in computer science or a related degree5+ years of relevant work experience with public cloud technologies (AWS, Azure or GCP)A deep technical understanding of public cloud technologies and practical experience in public cloud adoption and migrationExperience with advocating and implementing Cloud Adoption Frameworks on AWS, Azure or GCP and other meaningful best practicesFamiliarity with application discovery tools and cloud migration software is asset but not essentialA can-do attitude which helps you to stand out in a fail fast cultureVery high motivation and the ability to thrive in a dynamic environmentPassion to work in a global and diverse organization and environmentExcellent presentation and communication skills (spoken and written English)
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Thyssenkrupp -
Senior PLM / ALM Application Engineer
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Data Engineer - Data Warehousing (SQL/Python)-German Speaking REF1478Z
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
IT Security Manager (Corporate Security) (REF822R)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Security Tech Specialist
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
