Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Scrum Master (REF365P) (Budapest)
Scrum Master (REF365P) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
német - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Scrum Master (REF365P)
As "Scrum Master ", you will be responsible for supporting agile teams mainly according to SAFe methodology, organizing and leading agile ceremonies, keep close contact with Product Owner and agile team members, keep project administration up-to-date, using agile tools (JIRA, Confluence, Kanban Board etc) to keep agile teams on track.Your other responsibilities include:Leading the agile team in Servant-leadership style helps to collaborate and interact to maximize the value delivered by the scrum teamGuiding and coaching the agile team and organization on how to use Agile/Scrum practices and valuesSupporting the Product Owner, with special respect to refining and managing the product backlogAssessing the Scrum Maturity of the team and organization and coaching the team to higher levels of maturity, at a pace that is sustainable and comfortable for the team and organizationFacilitating discussion, decision-making, and conflict resolutionRemoving impediments and/or guiding the team to remove impediments
At least 3 years’ experience as Scrum Master in international environmentExperience with different agile project management methodsProject management experienceTechnical and IT know-howAbility to respond to customer needs with a high level of customer focus and social competenceKnowledge of agile administration tools (eg. JIRA, Confluence, miro etc.)Advanced, business-fluent English Advantages:Experience in SAFe methodologyGerman knowledge
Senior
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Műszaki projektkoordinátor diákmunka
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver projektvezető
Hays Hungary Kft. -
DevOps Engineer - Windows
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Scrum Master
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Szeged
Győr
Pécs
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Tatabánya
Zalaegerszeg
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
