 Belépés ›
Network Automation Engineer (REF1561J) (Budapest)
Network Automation Engineer (REF1561J) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Network Automation Engineer (REF1561J)
DNA (Drive Network Automation) is an initiative which unites several projects which are building a technology-savvy platform used across different instances and domains intended for automation and orchestration of network elements, services and network functions. MDO stands for MultiDomain Orchestrator - the platform that orchestrates networks across various domains.
We are looking for Network Engineers with different level of telecommunication experience from juniors to architects, who are interested in joining the team of leading industry experts driving Network Automation and Orchestration initiatives within Deutsche Telekom and its subsidiary national telecom operators
Tasks
Experience in defining and maintaining complex data models
Experience in object-oriented programming with Python or similar languages
Experience in developing of restful API’s (e.g. TMF…)
Version management of software and configuration artifacts (e.g. GIT, MCICD…)
Good knowledge of the conception and development of automation technologies and solutions (orchestration, service modelling).
Basic knowledge of networking (e.g. WAN / LAN / routing / 5G slicing)
Application (software packages and configurations)
Container (software packages and configurations)
Knowledge of operational processes in a telco: in fulfillment, assurance, operation support & readiness, ITIL processes
Technical understanding of telecommunications infrastructure
Service & Resource Lifecycle Management
English spoken and written (Level B2)
Advantages:
Data and status models according to e.g. TMF-SID
Markup languages such as YAML, JSON
Description standards such as TOSCA, YANG Experience in configuration of key telecommunication service processes: OSR, assurance and fulfilment in modern transport networks
Test-Driven development (TDD)
Model based Automation
Workflow (e.g. BPMN, CAMUNDA)
DevOps mindset
German language
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Szeged, Pécs, Debrecen
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
