 Belépés ›
Java developer (Magyarország)
Java developer (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
Our client is launching several new projects in Hungary focusing on delivering solutions to their clients. 
They are among the largest IT and business consulting services firms in the world. They are insights-driven and outcome-based to help accelerate returns on IT and business investments.
In all they do, their goal is to build trusted relationships through client proximity, providing industry and technology expertise to help meet the needs of customers and citizens. 
Java developer
Feladatok
As a Java Developer you will evelop and maintain applications and enterprise solutions for our clients located in Germany and globally. You will develop applications from scratch, implement change request fixes for bugs and new enhancements, and develop enterprise delivery pipelines. Would a position in DevOps and Full-Stack sound appealing to you? 
You will be part of our international team and will make contributions that will build customer value by creating modern, state-of-the-art end-user experiences. The teamwork is agile so there will be a lot of direct interactions. You will be in touch not only with your other team members locally but also with representatives of the customer and a variety of external teams globally. 
Követelmények
5+ years experience in Java, JEE, Spring Framework;Architecture Styles: Micro Services, SOA;Communication Technologies: Rest, Swagger, SOAP, JMS, Kafka;Databases: Oracle DB, Hibernate, JPA;Testing: Junit, Mockito, AssertJ, Selenium;CI/CD: Jenkins, Git, Gitlab, Jira;Modeling: UML;Monitoring: Splunk, Prometheus, Elastic Search;IDE: Eclipse;Cloud: AWS, EC2, Docker, Openshift;English and German language knowledge
Amit kínálunk
Long-term opportunity within a fast growing companySupportive cultureHome office Competitive salary
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
