 Belépés ›
Vulnerability Reporting Analyst (Budapest)
Vulnerability Reporting Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Randstad Hungary Kft
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Our Client is one of the leading investment banks in the world, and for their growing professional team we are looking for a Vulnerability Reporting Analyst.
Vulnerability Reporting Analyst
Feladatok
Maintain oversight of all infrastructure hygiene, vulnerability reporting, and GEM reporting.
Work with vulnerability lifecycle managers, operations and application support teams, and the vulnerability data team to analyze requirements, design and develop specs and manage data which supplies information to all vulnerability threat reporting and analysis.
Create ad-hoc reports for additional management or audit related requests.
Work with partnering organizations to automate manual metrics and reporting.
Support the GEM Operations Lead with ad-hoc requests.
Követelmények
3+ years in vulnerability management or information security reporting functions
Strong communication skills.
Excellent attention to detail.
Familiarity with:
Vulnerability Assessment tools, e.g., Nessus, Qualys, etc.
OS Security, e.g., Unix, Linux, Windows, Cisco, etc.
Web application infrastructure, e.g., Application Servers, Web Servers, Databases
Web development and programming languages i.e., Python, Perl, Ruby, Java, and/or .Net
Business Intelligence tools
SQL scripting and advanced Excel skills
Strong work ethic and a proactive mindset with ability to think “outside of the box” to solve problems.
Experience solving complex data flow challenges.
Advanced knowledge of complex queries for data analysis.
Experience with at least one coding language (PowerShell, Python, C#, etc.).
Experience in automation and optimization of repetitive processes and reporting.
Education:
Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent experience
Amit kínálunk
Competitive compensation package with extensive benefits:
Private Medical Care Program and onsite medical rooms in our buildings
Pension Plan Contribution to Voluntary Pension Fund
Group Life Insurance
Flexible work arrangements
Continuous career progression opportunities across geographies and business line
An inclusive and friendly corporate culture with diverse networking opportunities
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
