 Belépés ›
Junior Solution Engineer - Container Operation (REF942I) (Budapest)
Junior Solution Engineer - Container Operation (REF942I) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Junior Solution Engineer - Container Operation (REF942I)
If you have a passion for technology, and would like to participate in daily operation, have deep familiarity with open source, Kubernetes, container technology and Linux, then you will love this job. The experience you will gain within our team, provides you an opportunity to move on to advanced DevOps in the future.
Let’s have a look at on your regular tasks:
Agile methodology based support using Service NOW and HP Service Manager9
Daily Standups
Various technologies, like: Ansible, Container (Rancher, OpenShift), Shell/Python scripting, Linux platforms, Kubernetes, GitLab, Prometheus
Participation in customer and vendor calls
Solving complex problems, doing Root Cause Analysis
Capacity planning, performance tuning, optimization related activities
Knowledge sharing
System development, bugfix, code review, documentation
Requirements:
College/university degree or equivalent certificates/work experience
Fluent verbal and written communication skills in English 
IT Operational experience (min. 1-2 years)
Experience in Container operations
Solving problems with script languages
Advantages: 
Agile methodology knowledge (eg. Scrum, Kanban board)
Container based technology knowhow (Docker, Rancher, Kubernetes)
Automation, IAC experience (Ansible)
Python or other scripting language
Public or private cloud experience (min. 1-2 years)
German language knowledge
Personality: 
Systemic thinking
Customer focused attitude
Motivation for self-development with granted tools
Location
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Neked ajánlott állások
