 Belépés ›
Data Engineer for IoT (REF1449L) (Budapest)
Data Engineer for IoT (REF1449L) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employerin Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH)is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sitesin Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Data Engineer for IoT (REF1449L)
We are operating a mobile communication platform for M2M (machine to machine) devices. For this we are looking for 3rd level supporter. Typical tasks are:Incident troubleshootingPerformance tuningPlatform optimizationThe platform consists components like ORACLE databases, Elastic Search, Rabbit MQ, SOA, JBoss, Tomcat all based on LINUX servers + customized SW products from 2 vendors.  The supporter we are locking for should have a common understanding of these components and deep knowledge of ORACLE DB and LINUX (shell and scripting).Also knowledge of mobile communication is needed to understand the whole end to end process which is necessary for troubleshooting  and optimization.The supporter must act in an international team independently and responsible. He must also organize virtual meetings with other departments and SW vendors, to manage issues and measures.
General:Good communication skillsEnglish min. B2Independent, structured and responsible working style Team player (also in distributed, international teams)Expert in the areas of incident / problem / change and projectsSQL:ORACLE SQL/PL-SQL skills with many years of experienceExperience with very large databasesDB analysesperformance tuningCreating scripts, testing scripts (also complex ones)UNIX/Linux:UNIX/Linux knowledge with many years of experienceMastery of UNIX commands and toolsConfident handling on shell level (understand, create, modify shell scripts)Jobs + permissionsExperience in network/server operation (interfaces, networks, storage)Networks:Fundamentals of network technologiesProgramming:Programming experience (ideally Python or Java / no expert knowledge).Mobile Communications:Experience in the operation of mobile OSS/BSS (RAN not essential)Ideally, experience in rating and billing
Expert
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
