ITPeople.hu
 Facebook
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Állások
Álláskereső belépés
Munkáltató belépés
Álláshirdetés feladása
Blog
Kapcsolat
 itpeople facebook
itpeople
 Facebook
Álláshirdetés feladása
Belépés/Regisztráció
Munkáltató
Álláskereső
Állások
Projektmunkák
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Közösség
Kapcsolat
O365 Privacy/Compliance Engineer állás Budapest
Tisztelt álláskereső!Ez az álláshirdetés lejárt.Azonban oldalunk több ezer egyéb álláshirdetéssel rendelkezik! Találja meg az önnek megfelelő munkát erre a linkre kattintva!
Cégleírás / Organisation / DepartmentAegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, UK and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil and Iberia and an Asset Management organization with locations in UK, US, NL and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, we foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. We are a people business, and we recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. We value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.Elvárások / RequirementsQualifications and Skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent knowledge in information technology or risk management/controls
Excellent communication skills in writing and communication information in a clear, concise manner.
Proven analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills 
Preferred Qualifications:
An understanding of Microsoft Security technologies
Candidates should possess a working knowledge of Office 365 Services including Microsoft Purview
Subject Matter Expertise in Security, Compliance, and Management including the compliance aspects of managed services.
Deep knowledge of compliance certifications (ISO, SOC, FedRAMP, HIPAA, DFARS)
Enhanced decision making and problem-solving skills.
Reliable level of interpersonal and communication skills and demonstrate a self-driven, proactive work ethic.
Capacity to stay committed to the task even during times of frequent change or information delays.
Four-year Computer Science or related degree or equivalent work experience.
Must be a self-starter and can work independently or as part of a team
Select, manage, and lead discussions with customers to ensure that compliance obligations are understood and achievable in the Office 365 Services
Provide subject matter expertise to business unit data privacy officers with the understanding of various compliance obligations, and working with them to develop roadmaps to achieve these compliance requirements.
Amit kínálunk / OfferOn a day-to-day basis, this position will perform responsibilities such as some or all the following:
Office 365 Security and Governance documentation
Tenant Security Design
Office 365 Security Design
Email Security Design
Power Platform Design
Implements and manages security and compliance controls within Microsoft 365 (M365).
Implements and manages information protection within M365 to adhere to corporate DLP (Data Loss Prevention) policies.
Working through PIA requests – OneTrust
Any requests that come from Security and Compliance Team
Security team does not have full access to Office 365 services and this responsibility would hold the permissions to run reports and work a long Security team during a SOC event.
Support forensic investigations
Detect, investigate, and take action on critical risks in your organization, including data theft, data leaks, and security policy violations.
Understanding the Retention\Deletion\Label policies
Work with BIGid Project Team to understand and align both teams roadmaps
Understanding the work being done in the Microsoft Defender
Own Microsoft 365/Office 365 documentation that sits in the BDR site
Update OneTrust Office 365 Services
PIA requests
Understanding E-Discovery
Help push cleanup of ShareFile dormant accounts
Manage - Service Now - Application IT Compliance Data for the Office 365 services
Assistance with Managing Risks related to Security and Compliance
Kapcsolattartó / Information
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
Brand new office at an excellent location
Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Jelentkezésnél hivatkozzon az Itpeople-re!
Vissza
Jelentkezés
Share
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Randstad Hungary Kft													
Budapest
Nincs meghatározva
 Kategorizálatlan
Lejárati dátum: 2023-05-22 08:00:00
Álláshirdetés részletei
PozícióO365 Privacy/Compliance Engineer
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
MunkaidőNincs meghatározva
Hasznos linkek
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
IT Állások iparág szerint
Adatbázis szakértő, Analyst állások
Back-end fejlesztő állások
Front-end fejlesztő állások
Full-stack fejlesztő állások
Design és grafika állások
IT management állások
IT / Dev architect  állások
Rendszer / Hálózat, DevOps állások
SAP állások
Szoftverfejlesztő állások
Tesztelés állások
Egyéb IT pozik állások
Mérnöki / Ipari programozás állások
IT Support állások
Mobil fejlesztő állások
Gyakornok állások
Mesterséges intelligencia állások
ITPeople.hu
Kezdőlap
Állások
Önéletrajz feltöltés
Álláshirdetés feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
Kapcsolat
Oldaltérkép
ITPeople állások
