Belépésálláskeresőknek
IT Development
Programmer, Developer
Budapest
HR Tech Specialist
Grundfos GSSE, Budapest
Budapest
 Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
ORACLE
Jelentkezem
Mentés
Az állásról
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő, Home office, Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások:
Angol középfok
3-5 év szakmai tapasztalat
Középiskola
 Elvárt technológiák
TESTING
ORACLE
HR Tech Specialist
Job Purpose:
The HR Tech Specialist delivers global HR Tech solutions towards the Grundfos business areas.
This happens in our Agile setup with key stakeholders in the global organization e.g. Product owners, data maintenance team as well as end-users in the capacity of 2nd line support.
Support the continuous development of our HR Tech offer towards the business – we manage a variety of tools, from the enterprise giant SuccessFactors and SAP to smaller soft-wares such as WalkMe. We are a growing team of 14 specialist, that work in the intersection between IT and HR. We are very knowledgeable about our HR processes and can translate them into a workable solution together with our partners in IT.
We develop HRIT solutions, but we also run them. Operations is also the core of what we do: We ensure successful payout of incentive to the entire Grundfos population, we ensure that the Strategy is launched on our learning platform, we support our recruitment team with External & Internal sources of  Recruitment.
Your tasks will be:
Develop the “Iperform” area in our Digital HR landscape including Merit, Incentive, Performance management, goal management as our Subject matter expert.Participate in Sprints to develop and implement new solutions to continue developing our HR platform offers for compensation and performance management e.g. join in on testing, training, documentation.Support Compensation and reward globally with 2nd level support in SuccessFactors and more.Act as subject matter expert within the “iperform” area further within our agile product teamCollaborate with HR Product owners and the reward and global benefit and payroll organisationEnsure good training material for our end usersEnsure good technical documentation of our solutionsJoin in on testing new system features and improvements to secure usability for our managers and employees globally in GrundfosManage authorizations to secure data privacy complianceConfigurate System in partnership with ISBe 2nd line support for our end-users (Managers, HR Business Partners and employees)
Your ideal profile:
3 years of work expericenceExperience working with SuccessFactors including Compensation, performance, goals and calibration, (or other relevant systems. HR tool e.g. WorkDay or Oracle)Experience in running and or implementing global performance systems from a HR Tech perspectiveAdvanced excel skillsGood communication skills Must be team player and have collaborative skillsService-mindedSelf-driven and proactiveMust be very oriented towards detailsMust have an analytical and structured working method
What do we offer?
Dynamically improving company with stable backgroundProfessional challenges and development opportunities in multinational environmentCompetitive salary and benefitsSport opportunities (sport events)Flexible working-hours, Home Office
Sector(s):
IT Operation, Telecommunication
IT Support, Helpdesk
IT Development
Programmer, Developer
Tester, Test Engineer
Additional Information
If this job sounds appealing to you, please send us your resume and motivation letter by clicking on ‘Apply’.We look forward to hearing from you.
About Grundfos
Grundfos is one of the world’s leading water technology companies with more than 19.000 employees in 60+ countries all over the world. Our skills commit us to pioneering solutions to the world’s water and climate challenges and improve the quality of life for people. We dare to do things that others cannot or dare not do, as we believe innovation is not only a business opportunity, but an obligation. And what really matters to us is not short term profit, but the impact we make. By becoming part of our united powerful team, you too can drive this change no matter your role.
An inclusive team
If you like the look of this job and know you can bring your skills to contribute to our purpose, please apply. We need and welcome professional people from all corners – however you identify and whatever your background is.
Jelentkezem
MENTÉS
Elküldöm magamnak a hirdetést
Hasonló állásokat szeretne kapni e-mailben?
Kérje állásértesítőnket, és naponta küldjük a legfrissebb ajánlatokat!
Állásértesítőt kérek
Jelentkezem
MentésMentés kedvencnek
 Vissza a listára
Az állásról
Munkaidő, foglalkoztatás jellege
Teljes munkaidő, Home office, Alkalmazotti jogviszony
Elvárások:
Angol középfok
3-5 év szakmai tapasztalat
Középiskola
 Elküldöm magamnak
 Értesítést kérek
Értékelések a(z) Grundfos Shared Services Kft. cégről
4,2
20 értékelés alapján 
Értékelések kategória szerint 
3,9
Bérezés és juttatások 
4,6
Munkaidő és munkarend 
3,8
Főnökök 
4,3
Munka és magánélet egyensúlya 
4,2
Kollégák és céges hangulat 
4,9
Megközelíthetőség 
4,8
Munkakörnyezet 
További kategóriák  
A munkahely előnyei 
Biztosítják a munkaeszközöket 
További vélemények 
Munkahelyi extrák
Sportolási lehetőség
Munkahely értékelése 
Ennél a cégnél dolgozik vagy dolgozott a múltban? Kérjük, mondja el véleményét, segítse az álláskeresők közösségét!
Értékelem
