Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Rail Device2Device Communication Software Architect (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Rail Device2Device Communication Software Architect (m/f/d)
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY: Knorr-Bremse für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH München | REQUISITION ID: 2743 | Full-time | Regular 
YOUR TASKS
Application and creation of communication protocols and architecture with a high security level
Ethernet communication between subsystems based on TRDP, TSN, EtherCAT, OPC UA
Clarification with internal stakeholders whether the communication architecture fulfills the expected requirements
Working with international teams in an agile development process (Scrum, SAFe)
Working in a model-based software engineering environment (UML / SysML)
YOUR PROFILE
Technical or scientific studies, computer science or electrical engineering or physics
At least five years experience in work for communication software architecture based on Ethernet
Professional experience in Ethernet communication architectures with a security approach
Willing to travel and short-term relocation
Business fluent communication in English, fluent German preferred
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -