Jobs by email
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
Digital Services Manager (m/w/d)
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The ALDI Nord group of companies is one of the leading food retailers. For over 100 years, ALDI has stood for the creation of the discount principle. Our mission is to provide people everywhere and anytime with their daily essentials: quality products at low prices - simply and quickly. This also includes making shopping as easy as possible for our customers. That's why we give our best every day and reinvent ourselves time and again. Combined talent and commitment - that is the POWER behind our success stories. Across Europe in 9 countries with more than 5,600 stores and more than 86,000 employees. We are: Simply ALDI. Powered by people.
Your tasks
Take of care of the business development of the relevant products for our on site search, recipes, shopping list, store finder and more
Take business ownership of our services in order to provide highest service level providing easy of use for our customers
Oversee and optimize the business KPIs of our digital services according to a KPI framework
Create demands for our new digital services to improve user and customer experience and conversion
Monitor business trends and implement best practices
Collaborate with the stakeholders in our headquarter and countries
Your profile
Strong knowledge of digital trends
Experience in business development
Excellent project management and agile skills
Ability to understand and support business requirements and goals
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to monitor and analyze websites and campaigns and take actions
Your benefits
A secure job with the inventor of the discount
An open working atmosphere where we value your opinion
A discount at the gym to help you balance out your day at the office
Flexible working hours and the opportunity to work on a mobile basis on a pro rata basis
A varied and challenging job with a lot of creative freedom
A high-performance and pleasant working environment in a team that is looking forward to you!
A new office campus with day care centre, sports pavilion, innovative gastronomic concept, multi-storey car park
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
45307 Essen, Deutschland