Jobs by email
Berliner Institut für Gesundheitsforschung | Berlin Institute of Health (BIH)
Datamanager – Bioinformatics NGS Data (f/m/d)
Berlin
Temporary contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The mission of the Berlin Institute of Health at Charité (BIH) is medical translation: transferring biomedical research findings into novel approaches to personalized prediction, prevention, diagnostics and therapies and, conversely, using clinical observations to develop new research ideas. The aim is to deliver relevant medical benefits to patients and the population at large. The BIH was founded in 2013 and is funded 90 percent by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF) and 10 percent by the State of Berlin. Since 2021 the BIH has been integrated into Charité as its so-called third pillar.
For the BIH we are looking from 15.04.2023 limited until 14.04.2026 for a
Datamanager – Bioinformatics NGS Data (f/m/d)
The BIH/MDC Genomics Platform (CUGE) and BIH Core Unit Bioinformatics (CUBI) are looking for a dedicated employee (f/m/d) for the support of the seamless data flow and process integration between the two units. We use mainly open source software for data management, processing and data flow automation. A mixture of presence work and home office is possible according to BIH regulations. The position is limited to 3 years with a focus on expanding the data flows of NGS and metadata, and support the required infrastructure.
Job description:
Realize, monitor and optimze seamless data flows for both bulk and metadata between CUGE, CUBI and their clients; contribute to definition of suitable metadata models and data flow auto­mation; contribution to improvements of data management process and tools
Operate and troubleshoot the NGS demultiplexing workflow
Design, establish, improve and operate workflows for quality metrics and quality assurance of the in-house generated NGS data and metadata
Supervise and troubleshoot data delivery processes, perform root cause analysis with data management and HPC teams
Active participation in take-in meetings with CUGE clients, consult on experimental design from bioinformatics perspective, involve further CUBI experts, if needed
Contribute to running and troubleshooting of NGS data processing workflows (commercial & in-house) for selected projects
Your profile:
Master degree in bioinformatics, computer science, computational biology, or comparable quali­fi­cation plus at least 3 years work/research experience in NGS data processing. A relevant PhD is a plus
In depth understanding of computational methods for NGS data processing and NGS quality metrics as well as bioinformatics databases and file-formats necessary; very good understanding of NGS sequencing protocols required
Good programming skills in bash and Python needed, experience with R, and database systems, is a strong plus; proficiency in using Git is required; knowledge in test automation is a plus
Good Proficiency working in a Linux environment needed; experience with HPC clusters is a strong plus
Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot problems with academic/open source software is required; ability to work well with existing code base and quickly trace and solve problems is a strong plus
Team oriented with strong written and verbal communication skills, experience with working in interdisciplinary teams and with various cooperation partners is a strong plus
Very good English skills
We offer:
A collaborative research environment that encourages and supports scientific curiosity, innova­tion, and development of its team members
Remuneration according to E 13 TVöD-VKA-K: The grouping takes into consideration the qualifi­cations and the personal circumstances of the candidate
A full-time position (39h/week). Part-time until 30h/week is also possible
30 vacation days per year (with a five-day week) and up to 24 flextime days per year
Additional benefits customary in the public sector (e.g. annual bonus, VBL)
Family-friendly, flexible working hours and Home-Office option for better work-life balance
We live diversity!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Berliner Institut für Gesundheitsforschung | Berlin Institute of Health (BIH)
Anna-Louisa-Karsch-Str. 2, 10178 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -