Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software developer C++ (f/m/div.)
Nürnberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sicherheitssysteme Engineering GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Nürnberg
Your tasks
You implement and further develop mobile video security applications in C++ for all common platforms and prepare documentation and unit tests (Windows, Android, iOS) .
You independently implement modules and develop technical concepts for the control of IP security cameras as well as for the transmission of audio/video and AI metadata and their presentation.
With your own input, you actively shape the user experience of our apps and work on their implementation, whereby you help to develop our user interface framework.
You support the integration of platform-specific low level interfaces (iOS, Android, Windows) .
You actively support in further topics e.g. 2D/3D Rendering, connection of platform specific audio/video decoders, IT security and certificate management, build systems and continuous integration.
Your profile
Education: Master's degree (or diploma) in computer science or a comparable qualification.
Personality and working style: independent, self-reliant and structured work as well as a strong conceptual and analytical understanding. Cooperation and proactive contribution of ideas. Enthusiasm and curiosity, creativity, high level of quality awareness and passion for new technologies as well as hands-on mentality.
Experience and Knowledge: very good knowledge of C++. Relevant additional technical qualification in the field of software engineering audio/video through several years of professional experience and in the development of end-user applications for multiple platforms (iOS, Android, Windows). Experience in the development of interactive, performant user interfaces as well as participation in successful releases of new software products is advantageous. Knowledge in video streaming and programming with Objective-C/Swift, Java/Kotlin or C# is an advantage.
Languages: very good knowledge of German and English.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Nordring 69, 90409 Nürnberg, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.