Jobs by email
Klarna GmbH
Senior SRE Engineer with OpenLDAP Background
BERLIN
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About Klarna
Since 2005 Klarna has been on a mission to revolutionize the retail banking industry. With over 150 million global active users and 2 million transactions per day, Klarna is meeting the changing demands of consumers by saving them time and money while helping them be informed and in control. Over 450,000 global retail partners, including H&M, Saks, Sephora, Macys, IKEA, Expedia Group, and Nike have integrated Klarna's innovative technology to deliver a seamless shopping experience online and in-store. Klarna has over 6,000 employees and is active in 45 markets.
On our path to becoming the world’s favorite way to shop, we’re assembling an unparalleled global talent network, accelerating individual careers, and disrupting entire industries. We are on a mission to liberate humanity from all the meaningless time spent managing their purchases and finances, so they can do more of what they love. We’re in search of global talent eager to embrace our atmosphere and defy their own expectations.
As an OpenLDAP Engineer, you will elevate our LDAP infrastructure to new heights by assuming operational responsibility and actively participating in design, development, and roadmap activities with stakeholders. You will play a key role in driving business growth and streamlining operations. Working closely with system owners, you will also ensure seamless integration and maintenance of our existing OpenLDAP integrations.
What you'll get to do
Automate tasks
Maintain the infrastructure supporting our OpenLDAP
Troubleshoot incidents
Conduct disaster recovery tests for the environment
Develop solutions for stable replication in a multi-tenant architecture that provides consistent high availability with zero downtime
Evaluate existing schema for areas of improvement
Work with other teams on how to integrate data sources into LDAP
Ability to solve complex DIT layout issues, such as multi-level groups
Work with other teams on best ways to integrate into the existing architecture
Work in a cross-functional environment developing the next iteration of the LDAP service
Examine data within the server and work with data owners to develop security profiles to be applied to the LDAP ACLs
To succeed in this role, we think you should have:
Extensive experience with setting up, managing and upgrading OpenLDAP multi-master setups in a production environment. This includes (but is not limited to):
Multi-provider setup (with or without delta syncrepl)
Proxying updates to master from slaves
Proxy authorization
Certificate-based authentication
Centralized cn=config
Extensive knowledge of OpenLDAP’s ACL system and schema design
Knowledge of Python preferred (current tooling is in Python)
Senior skills regarding managing infrastructure in AWS
Good skills in IaC and tooling like Ansible and Terraform
We also believe in contributing back to the open-source community.
What we offer:
Diversity & Community: With our diversity of skills, perspectives and backgrounds, we can create, innovate, and disrupt like no other. Diversity is part of who we are, and essential to our success.
Ownership & Impact: Here, every voice matters. We’re organized into hundreds of small teams, each run like a start-up, focused on their own problem-space.
Trust & Collaboration: Successes and failures are won together at Klarna in a melting pot of teams. Win, lose, and learn, we’re on this path together.
If you love what you do, you should love where you do it. We appreciate that everyone’s different and has their own preferences of where and how to work. We genuinely believe in the power of regular face-to-face interactions in building close connections with our teams, but we also strongly believe people can work effectively remotely. This means that combining both is the key to success.
At Klarna, You can choose between working from the office, remotely within your employment country, or even outside of it for up to 20 working days per year. Flex it up!
Challenges & Rewards: We take a very Swedish approach to benefits. Support for parents, health and wellness perks—we’ve got you covered.
It is our commitment that every qualified person will be evaluated according to skills regardless of age, gender, identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and age with the application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €