Jobs by email
Liebherr-Hausgeräte Ochsenhausen GmbH
Quality Planning Software/Digital Products (m/f/d)
Ochsenhausen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
I'm interested
Save
In the Refrigeration and Freezing product segment, Liebherr has been developing, manufacturing and selling a wide range of efficient refrigerators and freezers for domestic and professional use since 1954. In order to continually inspire customers with innovative solutions, Liebherr focuses on their needs and constantly redefines the limits of what is possible. Liebherr refrigerators and freezers are regarded as a symbol of the highest quality in the industry and by customers - in Europe today, around the world tomorrow.
Quality Planning Software/Digital Products (m/f/d)
Job-ID 65388
Tasks
Your responsibilities
Quality Planning for embedded software and digital products
Development of a Software Quality Planning framework into an existing software development environment
Assessment of the software development processes through e.g. SPICE or CMMI assessments and supervision of resulting measures
Moderation and support of the definition of quality relevant processes
Definition of quality requirements based on a quality strategy
Coordination of quality specific issues with internal and external partners (e.g. digital product projects, factories, customer, etc.)
Overall quality responsibility for software and digital products
Qualifications
Your qualifications
Bachelor/Master degree in Software or Systems Engineering
Leadership and communication skills in a development environment
Strong knowledge of software quality methods
5+ years' experience in development and/or quality assurance of software/embedded systems
Experience in working with international teams
Very good English and German skills and being open to travel abroad
Maker mentality to take and bring ideas to life
Patience and attention to detail with the ability to work on complex projects
Our offer
A challenging and interesting range of activities awaits you at Liebherr in an internationally successful Group. We offer you a secure job with the social contributions of a modern organisation and pay a performance-based salary.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Liebherr-Hausgeräte Ochsenhausen GmbH
88416 Ochsenhausen, Deutschland