Jobs by email
Uniper
Working Student Performance Team Gas Turbine Fleet (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
Our Performance team in Düsseldorf is looking for YOU!!!
The GT Performance Team is part of the Gas Turbine Fleet in Asset Operations consisting of 17 power plants, ~9.1GW installed capacity, located in 5 countries. Our vision is "Partnering with our sites to continuously improve, add value and deliver according to GT Fleet Vision; evolving with our sites to achieve carbon neutrality".
So we want YOU to help us achieving and overcoming the targets we set for this year and working on defining our 2023 journey.
The key activities you will focus on:
HSSE: Set up data intelligence dashboards that help detecting trends, monitoring performance and raise attention
Plants Performance: Working with the team, site performance engineers and Asset Management to improve our performance indicators for the Fleet and propose solutions to the needs of harmonization and customization across countries
Digitalization: Work with the GT COODE Connector and GT Central Team champion to support the GT Fleet Digital Transformation program including use case development and prioritization. Furthermore, become acquainted with agile project management techniques
Decarbonisation: Work with the team, sites and MNZP to achieve phase 2 of the project. Scan for possible small projects opportunities defining a standard framework to run them in a leaner manner
Your profile
Student of Data Science and/ or Data Engineering, or something similar in the Engineering field
Proficient in Power BI dashboard building to enable performance management, statistical analysis and retrieval processes on a large amount of data
Understanding of Machine Learning and AI concepts
Competence with Programming Languages such as SQL, Python and Anaconda libraries as well as Power BI
Interest/ experience in Computer Science and Communications Technology. Advanced MS Excel, experience with Time Series Process Data archives such
as OSISoft PI including Asset Framework, Integrator and Vision
Strong written and verbal communication in English and German
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work. We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40221 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.