Jobs by email
Fressnapf Holding SE
Expert Business Intelligence Systems Engineer (m/f/d)
Krefeld
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Are you a Business Intelligence/Data Platforms enthusiast with several years of experience as an administrator, systems engineer, or in a similar role? If you're passionate about the latest technologies and can navigate Snowflake, Azure, SAP BW, Matillion, and similar tools with ease, we want to hear from you! 
We're looking for someone with experience in Service Management Processes and industry certifications in ITIL, SAP, Snowflake, IIBA, or similar certifications. But that's not all - we need a true people person who can handle any stakeholder, even the most senior and difficult ones. Your exceptional stakeholder management skills will be critical in ensuring smooth communication and problem-solving. 
Our team gives everything to make the relationship between humans and animals simpler, better and happier: Happier Pets. Happier People. This drive has made us Europe's number 1 in pet supplies. But we are still bursting with ideas and are currently creating a unique pet ecosystem that will ring in the retail of tomorrow. That's why we need you: ambitious doers who enjoy taking responsibility - and strive to create inspiring products and shopping experiences. Ready for first-class prospects with an owner-managed market leader? Welcome to Fressnapf/Maxi Zoo!
What you can move with us
Using your technical skills and experience you will do root cause analysis of complex problems
You will ensure the performance and availability of the Fressnapf Data Warehouse and related systems
You will establish and operate our Incident Management process and act as the bridge between the BI Team and other important stakeholders across Fressnapf and our partners
You will proactively work with developers, SMEs and our partners to continuously enhance the Fressnapf Data Warehouse 
What you need to bring with you
Several years of experience in Business Intelligence / Data Platforms as an administrator, systems engineer or similar
Experiences in Snowflake, Azure, SAP BW, Matillion and similar technologies
Experiences in Service Management Professes
Industry certifications in ITIL, SAP, Snowflake, IIBA or similar  
Strong stakeholder management skills with Senior and/or difficult stakeholder 
What you get from us
Your freedom: pro rata mobile working and flexible working hours
Your team: open, familiar, appreciative culture incl. team events
Your environment: dynamic, innovative and agile working environment
Your role: high level of personal responsibility and freedom to implement your ideas
Your development: regular trainings and seminars in our academy
Your four-legged friend: dogs are welcome in our offices (campus)
Your health: numerous offers for preventive care, fitness, Yoga@work, etc.
Your benefits: employee discounts, company leasing bikes, company pension plan and much more
We are looking forward to your application!
We are looking forward to your application! Please send us your documents exclusively online via our applicant portal. Since we want to speed up our processes and save CO2 and paper, applications sent in any other way, e.g. by e-mail or post, can unfortunately no longer be considered. Postal applications will not be returned, but will be destroyed immediately  in accordance with data protection regulations.  
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Fressnapf Holding SE
47809 Krefeld, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Terrace
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.