Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Senior SWE.4 Verification Assurance Engineer (All genders)- Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V724
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission
As SWE.4 Verification Assurance Engineer, you will be responsible for the Unit Verification Testing Activities within our project. You design and define the respective Testing activities within our project and ecosystem, ensuring the activities are well understood from all Development and Test Teams and can be followed and executed. You strongly collaborate with internal and external partners ensure a Continuous Testing.
Responsibility:
Definition of SWE.4 Test Activities within project wide Test Plan and guidelines.
Gathering findings from the project development and test teams on the test activities; and generate strategies to fix & improve them and ensuring alignment between process, infrastructure & reporting
Develop strategies to gain control over the quality of the product, by having a clear project view and understanding of the testing process and reporting.
Definition and maintenance of the business requirements and guide the implementation for all the activities on the test plan. This includes the environment, tooling and reporting of the test activities.
Ensure the validation and verification activities are understood and implementable by the development/ testing teams.
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Education:
You have successfully completed your studies with a Degree in Computer Science or have comparable relevant education or significant expertise that enables you to fill this role.
Experience
Minimum 4 years of hands-on experience on software/system development and/or testing, especially on embedded and safety critical software.
Minimum 4 years of active experience with Unit Testing, i.e. during your work as SW developer you have written unit tests to verify your code
Minimum 4 years of active experience with Code Analysis by i.e. ensuring of coding guidelines in your developed code
Demonstrate ability to understand the applicability of industry software development standards.
Demonstrate ability to understand software development concepts; such as traceability, software/system architecture and testing.
Experience and familiarity with version control systems, Git & Gerrit workflow and use cases
Unix cmd line and shell scripting, Python scripting
Experience with large-scale Agile frameworks (SAFe, LeSS, Scrum@Scale)
Personal skills
Strong analytic and problem solving skills.
Effective communication and negotiation skills with development teams.
Self-driven and adaptive personality, performing as both project leader and individual contributor as the project needs dictates.
Language skills
Business English
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG 
Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software
Agile working methods and open feedback culture 
Flexible working hours 
Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget
Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)
Relocation support 
Company pension after the probation period
In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone. 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!     
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.    
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.