Jobs by email
Vaillant GmbH
Functional Information Security Manager (m/f/d) R&D
Remscheid
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The Vaillant Group is a global market and technology leader in the fields of heating, ventilation and air-conditioning technology.
Join our team of 16,000 colleagues from more than 70 countries who work every day for a better climate – for people at home and the environment. We work on large-scale, innovative and strategic projects. With small, everyday gestures so that we can all play our part. Act globally, work globally. And become part of a global team. We sell our products in around 60 countries, using ten production and development sites in six European countries as well as China.
Working for us makes you responsible for the future – your own, and that of our planet. We can offer you excellent conditions.
Functional Information Security Manager (m/f/d) R&D
Vaillant GmbH | Remscheid | Germany
WHAT YOU WILL DO
As Functional Information Security Manager, you are the contact person for all IT, product and information security tasks in R&D
You will actively contribute to and coordinate risk analyse and all reporting tasks in the group ISMS
You will have a broad range of activities from documentation and training up to tracking of security requirements
You will manage R&D-related security projects and drive the continuous adaption as well as optimization of R&D security-related processes
You ensure alignment between the relevant stakeholders
WHAT YOU BRING ALONG
You have successfully graduated in IT security, computer science, electrical/electronic engineering or comparable 
You have been able to collect professional experience in a comparable position, ideally with a certification
You have proven experience in electronics and software development, as well as risk assessment methodologies, e.g. IEC 62443, ISO 27001  
You have proven your ability to present information and enforce agreed measures
Knowledge about HVAC and smart home technologies, wired and wireless communication are advantages
You speak English and German competently in negotiations
A high degree of commitment, flexibility and independence round off your profile
WHAT WE OFFER
Constant learning opportunities for both technical and personal growth through a range of workshops, seminars, events, and e-learnings
We offer up to 70% remote work. In addition, our employees can work from a country in the European Union for up to 30 days a year
All our employees with electric cars can use our electric filling station
CONTACT
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vaillant GmbH
Berghauser Straße 40, 42859 Remscheid, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.