Jobs by email
Personio
Senior Payroll Specialist (d/f/m)
München, bundesweit (Home-Office)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 23 hours ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
About us
Bring your best. Make your mark. We’re using technology to revolutionize the way HR operates so that we can transform the way millions of people experience work every day. We move fast, challenge the status quo, and support our people as they shape their careers. 
With over 8,000 customers and a team of 1,700 in seven offices across Europe, now is the perfect time to join! We believe in hiring driven people who want to make an impact. So bring your best, and let’s build the future of HR technology together. 
Personio is an equal opportunities employer, committed to building an integrative culture where everyone feels welcomed and supported. We #EmbraceUniqueness and understand that our diverse, values-driven culture makes us stronger. We are proud to have an inclusive workplace environment that will foster your development no matter your gender, civil status, family status, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, education level, or race.
The Role
Join our international Product & Engineering team and take an active role in shaping the future of thousands of HR teams and organizations across Europe. Contribute to building our integrated payroll product and expanding our HR platform for small and medium-sized businesses.
As Senior Payroll Specialist you ensure a timely and error free payroll for our customers - acting as the crucial link between Product and Operations. With your deep payroll experience and knowledge, you support the ongoing development of a best-in-class payroll for customers. You represent Personio towards our customers on payroll matters as a 2nd line support function and are complementing our product’s capabilities by handling complex, non-automated cases. You work with peers to identify opportunities for new product features based on our customers’ needs and ensure the ongoing training of the Payroll Domain to be experts in terms of general payroll knowledge.
You can join our team FULL-REMOTE (Germany) or be located in Munich.
Your tasks and responsibilities will include:
You drive the analysis of data and trends in order to push for the most efficient and automated processes for our Payroll Service
You identify continuous improvements and push the further definition of potential Payroll Service needs
You work independently and act as the knowledge leader as well as point of contact within your Squad 
You stay on top of changing payroll legislation and ensure the knowledge obtained is documented within the developed content
You own the payroll implementation support of complex customers, analyze potential gaps and align with other stakeholders as required
You proactively and independently foster a close relationship with Payroll product users and stakeholders within the payroll process, and leverage feedback from multiple sources to help prioritize decisions and identify issues
You effectively shift through feedback from Payroll product users keeping business needs of the company in mind, and define which potential improvements should be taken forward
You understand the business metrics behind the use of our Payroll product, make data accessible and understandable to your team and stakeholders 
You seek to find solutions that strike the right balance of stakeholder needs and you effectively escalate when a solution cannot be found
You are responsible for organizing and conducting the onboarding for new hires, provide support and advice to more junior members of the team and seek out informal opportunities to mentor your team
You are a role model for your team, fostering healthy debate to arrive at the right outcomes for both Personio and our customers and you constantly strive to create a positive environment for your team so they can be proud of their work
What you need to succeed
You have at least 4 years of experience in processing and implementing payroll
You have in-depth expertise of the relevant legal requirements (social insurance law, tax law, labour law) and continuously expand your  knowledge
You transfer your knowledge in a well-structured way to onboard colleagues and mentor junior colleagues
You have an advanced understanding of the technical setup of payroll systems, you are able to identify and describe flaws and think about potential solutions
You are able to identify payroll implementation complexity and build milestones accordingly
You are service-oriented and provide a best-in-class payroll service incl. identifying issues blocking payroll and you are able to manually intervene as required to ensure a timely processing of customers payroll
You are able to visualize possible solutions using a variety of tools (eg. Miro, JIRA, Confluence)
You have very good German (C2 level) and English skills (verbally, written) and you are confident in cross-departmental collaboration as well as customer communication
You have a deep knowledge of Analysis of SLAs and identification of possible issues or improvements to drive timely responses/resolution of customer issues.
You are characterised by your proactive and independent way of working
Why Personio
Aside from our people, culture, and mission, there are a variety of additional benefits that help make Personio a great place to work! Work with us and receive:
Competitive compensation package that includes salary, benefits, and virtual shares
28 days of paid vacation, plus another additional day after 2 and 4 years (because we love what we do, but we also love vacation!)
Inclusive, equal opportunity, and multicultural workplace
Annual personal development budget for you to invest in your development via professional memberships, external certifications, conferences, and more
High-impact work environment with short decision-making processes
Opportunity to invest in your retirement via the Personio Pension Scheme (BAV)
Choose between two mobility options: JobRad® bike or monthly public transportation ticket
Subsidized Qualitrain membership gives you access to 90 fitness studios and sports facilities across Germany for €25 per month
Regular company and team events like Oktoberfest, ski trips, Christmas parties, and more!
Find your best way to work with office-led, remote-friendly PersonioFlex! We offer a roughly 50% remote, 50% in-office working framework to suit your needs
Receive generous family leave, child support, mental health support, and sabbatical opportunities with PersonioCares
Save money with corporate discounts across brands like Adidas, LG, Bosch, Apple, and more
Two Impact days you can use to have an impact on the environment and society. One day is for an individual project and one for a company-wide initiative! #SocialResponsibility
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.