Jobs by email
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Solution Architect Brake System Digital Services (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Knorr-Bremse is the global market leader for braking systems and a leading supplier of other rail and commercial vehicle systems. Knorr-Bremse’s products make a decisive contribution to greater safety and energy efficiency on rail tracks and roads around the world.
Solution Architect Brake System Digital Services (m/f/d)
LOCATION: Munich / Germany | COMPANY: Knorr-Bremse für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH München | REQUISITION ID: 2755 | Full-time | Regular 
YOUR TASKS
Evolve the future of braking for autonomous train operation
Developing data driven algorithms and services for innovative connected brake control systems, specifically in the area of predictive maintenance and digital twin technology
Designing and implementing solutions for data acquisition and algorithms for on-board control systems that handle data processing, analytics and decision-making tasks
Work with cross-functional teams, including mechanic, electronic developers and data scientists to ensure customer needs are meet and solution is scalable and secure
Ensure that edge solutions comply with industry standards and regulations and are secure
YOUR PROFILE
Bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering or a related field
Track record of developing and implementing the digital twin technology, including the creation of virtual models of physical systems and the collection and analysis of data from those systems
Strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to work in a team environment
Experience in data acquisition, processing and analytics in Python and C
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work in an agile development driven environment
COME AND JOIN OUR TEAM!
Let’s shape the future of mobility together!
Who are we? Some 31,500 team players around the world, hard at work in over 100 locations across more than 30 countries. As a force for progress on road and rail, we prioritize technical excellence, sustainable business practices and social responsibility. At the last count, our global revenues totaled EUR 7.1 billion. Join us, and you can expect exciting, varied work in an international environment with attractive working conditions – including flexible working hours, sabbaticals and remote work. In addition, you can work up to 20 days a year from abroad in the EU. A broad selection of continuing education programs offers you plenty of opportunities to develop both professionally and personally. And you can look forward to many other benefits, such as sports and healthcare programs, corporate volunteering, JobRad bicycle leasing, subsidized public transit options, and a state-of-the-art workplace with a rich choice of in-house catering options.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Knorr-Bremse Systeme für Schienenfahrzeuge GmbH
Moosacher Str. 80, 80809 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -