Jobs by email
TSCNET Services GmbH
IT Test Manager (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
TSCNET Services is a service provider for 16 transmission system operators (TSOs) from 12 European countries. We are one of the leading Regional Coordination Centres (RCCs) in Europe. Our head office is in Munich and we always work with the aim of being a highly efficient service provider for network security analysis and capacity calculations. Our international team consists of people from over 30 countries. We look for knowledge, commitment, openness and creativity and offer an excellent environment for bright minds to do great work.
As soon as possible, we want to cover an open vacancy, for our Munich based office, in full-time (38 hours/week). Therefore, we are looking for an:
IT Test Manager (m/f/d)
As IT Test Manager (m/f/d) you are representing our IT-Test team among varous stakeholders inside and outside our company. You easily cooperate across boundaries, act proactively and share your insights with your team on a regular basis. Your responsibility is to coordinate and monitor our software testing processes and micro-managing test vendors.
Your responsibilities
Establishment, maintenance and improvement of the company's test framework
Decision-making and overall coordination of testing processes
Alignment, synchronization and cooperation with various stakeholders inside and outside the IT team
Reporting on test progress, results of testing and overall testing quality
Support and consult projects in the area of test management
Representation of the company's interests in relevant stakeholder / expert groups
Your skills
Degree in software engineering, power engineering or similar
3 + years of experience as test manager or test team lead
Basic programming and good IT skills
Very good understanding of testing best practices (ISTQB or similar certificates are preferred)
Solution-oriented and problem-solving skills
Healthy skepticism and assertiveness
Fluency in English
Our benefits
Work in a crisis-proof industry
Flexible working hours with home and mobile office options
Tailor-made training programs for your personal development
Excellent public transport connections
iPhone and MacBook as working tools
Ergonomic workplace design
Bike leasing offer
Free drinks and fresh vitamins
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
TSCNET Services GmbH
Weihenstephaner Strasse 9, 81673 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -