Jobs by email
STADA Arzneimittel AG
Master Data Architect (f/m/d)
Bad Vilbel
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
"Caring for People's Health as a Trusted Partner" - This mission motivates us at STADA every day to improve the health of people worldwide. With our wide range of generics, consumer health products and specialty pharmaceuticals, we offer patients, doctors and pharmacists a wide range of therapeutic options.
Around 13,000 employees live our values of Integrity, Entrepreneurship, Agility and One STADA. Together we are on an exciting growth journey and want to successfully shape the future of STADA.
Do you want to become part of a dynamic, international team and grow with us? Then apply now as:
Master Data Architect (f/m/d)
Bad Vilbel | Deutschland (DE) | Full-time | Permanent
As a Master Data Architect (f/m/d) you will be responsible for the architecture of the Master Data systems and the architectural setup of our future MDG solution at STADA Group. The team consists of SAP consultants located in Germany and Serbia. You can expect exciting tasks in international projects, with the aim of renewing and harmonizing the master data processes as well as transforming the current system landscape to S4/HANA.
What you can expect
You will create concepts and designs for the new Master Data Governance solution  
You will design future Master Data Workflows in the areas of Material, Customer, Vendor and Finance
You are a central point of contact for business stakeholders in all functional areas as well as for external partners
Creation of architecture and solution designs for the transition to S/4 HANA
Extension and renewal of the system architecture including understanding interface setup
Who we are looking for
You hold a degree in (business) informatics, industrial engineering or comparable professional experience
You have gained at least 7 years of professional experience in the field of SAP Master Data Processes
Experience in SAP MDG or other MDG solutions (TIBCO, STIBO..)
You have a good overview about architectural options for Master Data systems
Experience with S4/HANA and/or other SAP transformation projects
Eager to learn new technologies and contribute your ideas
Fluent in English, German knowledge would be an advantage
Experience in the pharmaceutical industry or comparable industries is a plus
What we offer
An open corporate culture with fast decision-making processes and a lot of potential for your personal development
Individual development and training opportunities
Flexible working hours and mobile working up to 2 days per week (depending on the job profile)
Job ticket for the RMV region and Job Bike
Childcare allowance
Health-promoting offers such as Wellpass or the STADA Gym (free of charge)
Numerous additional benefits such as "future payment", group accident insurance, supplementary pension scheme, and chemical industry pension fund
And much more...
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
STADA Arzneimittel AG
Stadastraße 2 - 18, 61118 Bad Vilbel, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.