Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Working Student IT Administration (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
You enjoy being the contact person for all departments to answer all incoming questions about IT administration? You want to offer our employees a high level of IT support?
Then you are the right person to support our IT administration team as a Working Student IT Admin (m/f/d).
The IT administration team takes on great responsibility at ABOUT YOU, as they provide the entire internal infrastructure for our company. The tasks range from first-level support to the implementation of new software. Our goal is to automate as many processes as possible.
  Challenges that the team will face:
Optimization of onboarding through automated OS deployment
Optimization monitoring for our offices and stores
Setting up central identity management with Active Directory
What you will do
Support in setting up new hardware
First-level support from colleagues for hardware, software and network tasks
Implementation of the technical on- & off-boarding of new employees
Multifaceted working environment (Atlassian Stack, Synology DSM, Cisco WLC)
Work in an agile and international environment
Who you are
Secure handling of Windows and macOS
Good knowledge of common MS Office applications and other standard applications
Friendly and helpful appearance
Fun in the familiarisation with different IT topics
Fluent English spoken and written
Nice to have
Experience in the administration of Active Directory OpenLDAP
Experience with Linux/Ubuntu
Fluent German spoken and written
Benefits
Fresh fruits at the office every day
Sport courses
Exclusive employee discounts
Free drinks
Language courses
Company parties
Subsidized HVV ProfiTicket
Central Location
Flexible Working Hours
Home office on Mondays and Fridays
Dog-friendly office
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU.
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents. :-)
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland