Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Data Protection Expert IT / Digital (f/m/d) 1
Essen, Hannover
Temporary contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
About us
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a changemaker (f/m/d) and join our team as Data Protection Expert IT / Digital (f/m/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe.
We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Your task
Your responsibilities
You support E.ON Digital Technology GmbH (EDT) in fulfilling its legal and operational compliance with data protection requirements
You support further development and optimization of IT & Digital relevant aspects in E.ON's Data Protection Management System
You negotiate and enable the conclusion of data protection agreements, e.g. data processing or controller-to-controller agreements as well as EU standard contractual clauses
You contribute to the architecture and design of E.ON's central data protection management tool at the interface of E.ON's enterprise IT architecture management platform
You establish and modify relevant data protection documentation (e.g. processes, templates or concepts) and implement data protection guidelines
You build up a network of relevant group internal stakeholders to facilitate internal alignments and discussions with Data Protection relevance
Your profile
Your profile
University degree in IT, law, business administration, digital management or a comparable course of study
Several years of professional experience in the field of data protection with an interface to IT and digital business
Capability to handle complex data protection issues and challenging situations confidently
IT-technical knowledge for the assessment and processing of data protection-relevant business activities
Independent, professional and solution-oriented way of working
Strong communication skills, collegiality and enjoyment of working in a team
Fluent German and English language skills
Our benefits
Our Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.