Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
RF/mmW Device Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Would you like to join Apple’s growing mmW and cellular wireless design team? Our team is responsible for all aspects of mmWave and cellular silicon development with a particular emphasis on highly integrated and efficient designs and technologies that transform the user experience at the product level.
As an RF/mmW Device Engineer, you will be within a team responsible for designing and productizing state-of-the-art wireless communication devices. You will be responsible for the evaluation of the model quality of mmW active and passive devices, while owning the complete flow: design of experiment, physical design, on-wafer measurements and simulations. In addition, you will perform simulation and measurement based benchmarks of devices from different technologies in order to identify the state of the art technology node for high frequency communication circuits.
Tasks
Design, simulations and measurements at mmW frequencies of active and passive devices, as well as demonstrator circuits.
Extract figures of merit and benchmark device and circuit performance at mmW frequencies.
Perform sensitivity analysis on mmW circuits by tuning model parameters.
Develop custom mmWave devices and models for circuit performance improvement.
Research and develop advanced calibration and measurement techniques.
Evaluate and specify test instruments. Develop and calibrate test fixtures and test setup.
Automate repetitive measurements using standard scripting languages.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Experience with device simulations at high frequencies and extraction of mmW figures of merit.
General knowledge in semiconductor physics.
Experience with wafer probe stations and on-wafer mmW characterization techniques such as scattering parameters, source-load pull and thermal noise.
Strong RF background and familiarity with RF circuit fundamentals.
Hands-on experience with RF test equipment (network analyzer, spectrum analyzer, vector signal generator, vector signal analyzer, etc.).
Proficiency with measurement automation tools and scripting languages, such as Python, Matlab, C++ scripts.
Good written and verbal communication.
Education and Experience
BSEE is required, MSEE/PhD in semiconductor physics or electrical engineering is a plus.
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €