Jobs by email
Superchat
(Senior) Backend Engineer - JVM/Kotlin (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
At Superchat, we’re reimagining how businesses communicate with their customers. Our mission is simple: Communicating with a business should be as easy and natural as talking to a friend.
Superchat is the most comprehensive messaging-suite for small and medium-sized businesses. Using our platform, businesses of all sizes can connect with customers via any channel (WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Instagram, Telegram and many more) and send out payment requests, collect reviews and sell products in a modern and convenient way.
Led by Blossom Capital and with participation from 468 Capital, Superchat raised $15.6 million in Series A funding last December. In total Superchat raised $18.8 million in just under a year.
Your tasks
Take ownership: Build and deliver new features to our customers on your own
Collaboration: Work closely together with our frontend engineers
Improve performance of our platform to increase the user experience of our customers
Participate in discussions about the long-term architecture of Superchat
Shape internal development processes/best-practices that allow to scale the engineering team over time
Bring up your own ideas to shape our product
Your profile
Kotlin with the Quarkus Framework
You have used Java/Spring Boot instead ? Don't worry, we will get you into Kotlin/Quarkus very quickly
AWS: RDS with Postgres, S3, SQS, SNS, SES
Elasticsearch
GitHub Actions for CI/CD
Linear (project management)
LaunchDarkly (feature flagging)
Doppler (secret management)
DataDog / Sentry / BetterUptime to monitor our services
Typescript / React / NextJS / TailwindCSS for our web application
Tyescript and React Native for our mobile application
What we offer
Aside from our people, culture and mission, there are a variety of additional benefits that help make Superchat a great place to work!
Competitive compensation package that includes salary, benefits, and stock options of Superchat. We want everybody to be a true owner in Superchat.
26 days of paid vacation + 2 days off for Christmas and New Year's Eve (because we love what we do, but we also love vacation!)
Regular company and team events like pizza & bear evenings, sport activities, Christmas parties, and more!
Annual personal development budget of €500 for conferences, courses, books, career coach, etc.
An inclusive and exciting start-up environment culture that offers accelerated career and personal growth
Beautiful office in the heart of Berlin (Senefelder Platz) equipped with ergonomic chairs, height adjustable desks, free snacks, beverages and overall good vibes.
This is a on-site role in Berlin. We are offering a hybrid model with 2 days home office per week.
At Superchat, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out - and set you apart - especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Superchat, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us!
We are looking forward to your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Superchat
10407 Berlin, Deutschland