Jobs by email
Bank of Scotland
IT Governance & Compliance Analyst (m/f/d)
Be an early applicant
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 7 hours ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
We are Lloyds Bank GmbH, based in Berlin and Amsterdam, and thus the European hub for the financial operations of the British Lloyds Banking Group. As a pure online bank with a digital strategy, we have quickly established ourselves in Germany as one of the leading providers of investment and credit products under the Bank of Scotland brand. More than 300 employees ensure that we offer our customers fair products and the best service. In order to continue our success story, we are looking for committed colleagues who are enthusiastic about contributing to the achievement of our goals and who share our agile and innovative vision.
With immediate effect we are looking for a
IT Governance & Compliance Analyst (m/f/d)
Your tasks:
The role of the IT Governance & Compliance Analyst is to support the day-to-day IT governance and compliance tasks, drive the processes that ensure compliant use of IT, as well as continuously develop the technology risk management of our bank.
Additionally, the role will include involvement of a variety of technology related initiatives, which includes liaising with teams inside and outside of IT, in particular with Information Security Management, Change Management, Sourcing and Auditors.
Assist the IT department with the implementation of internal IT related policies and external regulations (e.g. BAIT, MaRisk) as well as monitoring of compliance with these requirements. This includes developing and maintaining the respective IT processes
Perform day-to-day risk management activities according to the banks framework for technology risks. Work closely with key IT suppliers of the bank to gain evidence on their IT processes and control environment
Coordination of and contribution to internal and external audits that involve technology. Collect and submit information to auditors, structure the definition and closure of audit findings.
Contribute to strategic IT initiatives or projects related to governance and compliance, e. g. general IT management, IT service management, or IT architecture
Technology Projects and Sourcing: Consult internal stakeholders and suppliers regarding required contractual agreements for IT services in order to adhere to the bank’s technology policy. Sharing best practices for efficient implementation of IT compliance requirements and performing IT risk assessments
Your knowledge/experience:
Bachelor’s / master’s degree (business administration, business law, business informatics, IT or a related field)
Work experience in IT, auditing, information security, compliance in the financial services industry is a plus
You have a keen interest in learning about technology management and IT governance in a banking environment
You have strong communication skills and are confident in interacting with different stakeholders
You think analytically and prefer working in a structured manner
MS office experience, Jira/ Confluence skills are a plus
You have very good English skills, German is a plus
We offer:
An international team with colleagues from more than 37 different countries
Social benefits such as a company pension scheme and capital formation contributions
30 days holiday as well as 24 and 31 December as non-working days
Employee Assistance Programme – personal 24/7 helpline for all employees
Various possibilities for flexible working, i.a. various part-time models, flexitime
Extensive, very flexible home office arrangements
Possibility to work from other EU countries for up to 30 days per year
Additional benefits such as sports activities, free fruit, nuts and drinks
Employer contributions to BVG job ticket and a Lease a bike programme
An informal corporate culture - without dress code and ‘Sie’.
An excellent learning culture and opportunity to improve your professional competencies
Easily accessible city centre offices, in the vicinity of many shops and restaurants to which you receive a discount
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bank of Scotland
Karl-Liebknecht-Straße 5, 10178 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -