Jobs by email
Diehl Defence GmbH & Co. KG
Field Service Representative (m/f/d) in the Arabian Region
Überlingen am Bodensee
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
AT DIEHL: THE FUTURE IS IN YOUR HANDS!
More than 16,000 employees are currently shaping the engineering of the future in our five corporate divisions Metall, controls, defence, Aviation and Metering. Apply at Diehl and join hands with fascinating technologies and a unique corporate tradition of stability and trust. Apply now and discover where you can come in and become a part of our comprehensive contribution to future-oriented technologies for domestic and industrial applications.
For our site Diehl Defence GmbH & Co. KG in Überlingen am Bodensee / Germany, we are looking for a:
Field Service Representative (m/f/d) in the Arabian Region
This is your position with us:
The main task of the Field Ser­vice Rep­res­ent­at­ive (m/f/d) will be to as­sist and provide ad­vice to cus­tom­er per­son­nel in op­er­a­tion­al, tech­nic­al and train­ing is­sues con­cern­ing the Diehl De­fence Product Port­fo­lio.
Re­spons­ib­il­it­ies will in­clude (but not be lim­ited to):
Pre­par­ing and provid­ing tech­nic­al sup­port and on-the-job train­ing for the cus­tom­er
Sup­port­ing the cus­tom­er in es­tab­lish­ing main­ten­ance pro­ced­ures
Per­form­ing on-site main­ten­ance for Diehl De­fence and li­ase with Diehl sub­ject mat­ter ex­perts
Con­trolling spares stock and track­ing the con­fig­ur­a­tion status of the equip­ment
Be­ing the in­ter­face between Diehl De­fence, loc­al part­ners and the cus­tom­er for all in ser­vice sup­port mat­ters
Requirements:
An en­gin­eer­ing de­gree or proven sound know­ledge through pro­fes­sion­al ex­per­i­ence in one of the fol­low­ing dis­cip­lines: elec­tric­al en­gin­eer­ing, com­mu­nic­a­tion sys­tems and net­works, soft­ware de­vel­op­ment or equi­val­ent
Hands-on ex­per­i­ence in op­er­a­tions and main­ten­ance of net­work and com­mu­nic­a­tion sys­tems (ideally Linux/Unix sys­tems, Java, IP/Eth­er­net, fire­wall, net­work ar­chi­tec­ture, ra­dio com­mu­nic­a­tions)
In­de­pend­ent and solu­tion-ori­ented way of work­ing as well as good com­mu­nic­a­tions skills
Will­ing and able to ac­cept the laws and reg­u­la­tions of dif­fer­ent cul­tures
Flu­ent in writ­ten and spoken Eng­lish
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Diehl Defence GmbH & Co. KG
Alte Nußdorfer Straße 13, 88662 Überlingen am Bodensee, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates