Jobs by email
ZEISS
(Senior) Information Security Subject Matter Expert (f/m/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
A Security Subject Matter Expert is part of the InfoSec (Information Security) Technical Advisory team and therefore responsible for advising on technical information security subjects. Such advisory is based on best practices and is closely related with business functions and requirements of the ZEISS group. Furthermore the team maintains tasks related to ensure technical advisory is state of the art.
  The Security Subject Matter Expert is responsible for a specific Information Security subject area, e.g.
Access Control and Cloud Security
Communication & Network Security, Encryption
Endpoint (incl IoT) & Operations (IT / OT) Security
Application Security & Digital Product Security
  In this role you will oversee and develop security measures in some of the related subject areas. You will coordinate and cooperate with other departments and functional areas, to ensure security measures are well understood, implemented and maintained.
  Your role
support projects on the technical subject matters and advise based on best-practices, ZEISS Policy Framework and Information Security Strategy
support the ZEISS Security Engineer Program and advise nominated Security engineers, coordinates with related training and certification providers.
chair or join the related Security Expert Groups and guide subordinates within the scope of the related subject areas
oversee and develop security measures in related subject areas, incl. technical advisory on these and act as functional lead for related subject matters
act as advisor on solutions and best practices to support implementations of the related subject areas across the organization and coordinate with external suppliers and global security organizations
Ihr Profil
Apprenticeship / professional education / studies in the field of computer science, IT, InfoSec or equivalent and a solid period of experience in various information security roles with an international scope
professional working experience (for Seniors minimum 7+ years) in related fields, especially in the specific Information Security subject areas mentioned above
a strong expertise or specialized knowledge in some of the specific Information Security subject areas mentioned above
strong analytical and communication skills, including the ability to solve very complex tasks and problems, applying innovative thinking and to correlate technologies, understand complex environments, business requirements, incl. expertise on emerging/brand-new technologies
strong program and project management skills in international and complex environments and a very good understanding of certifications related to Information- or IT-Security, ICS/OT, etc.
English (fluent), other languages (like German) of advantage
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.