Jobs by email
Statista GmbH
Team Lead Strategy & Analytics (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
 At Statista, we’re all about facts and data, for we are the world's leading business data platform. By providing reliable and easy-to-use data as well as various data analytics products and services, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions.
Founded in Hamburg in 2007, we have quickly grown into a global company with offices in major cities such as London, New York, and Tokyo. And we still have a lot of plans. Our constant growth does not only prove our success, but also keeps creating new development and career opportunities for our employees. Are you ready to join us? 
Ihre Aufgaben
Development and implementation of targeted regular reports and dashboards via the existing Business Analytics Portal (MicroStrategy/PowerBI) and CRM Tool (Salesforce) for all reporting levels
Generate Ideas, Development and prepare decision material for Sales Incentive & Compensation plans
Strong engagement with ExCom, VP Global Sales Operations, BI and Finance
Strategically select, source, deliver and analyze data and generate insights to create and optimize sales goals (Targets) and campaign strategies in close cooperation with all relevant internal stakeholders
Development of a product pricing strategy and prepare material for proper decisions making
Creation of action-oriented recommendations for the management based on the analyzes developed (Sales Capacity Planning, Sales Process Optimization)
Implementation and permanent further improvements of the segmentation and target setting processes
Project management of various topics in cooperation with internal teams (e.g. Marketing, PIT, Finance) 
  Ihr Profil
University degree in business administration, mathematics, computer science, AI or comparableSeveral years of experience in controlling, analytics, successful project work in consulting or comparable
Excellent knowledge of business analytics solutions (e.g. PowerBI, MicroStrategy), CRM systems (e.g. Salesforce) and ideally programming languages (e.g. SQL, Python, R) as well as secure handling of MS Office, especially MS Excel and PowerPoint
Experience with the integration of digital information channelsDistinctive analytical and conceptual thinking skills and solution-oriented action
Results and customer orientation, hands-on mentality 
Very good knowledge of spoken and written English
Ability or willingness to communicate on C-level
Curiosity and pleasure in permanent personal development 
  Wir bieten
High level of autonomy
Great opportunities for personal growth and responsibility
Opportunity to grow quickly into mentor and/or leadership role
Professional development
Statista University - extensive training offer and individual coaching
Extensive offer in the field of health promotion
Dynamic, international team
A team-oriented transfer of know-how
Office right in the city center
HVV Profi Card
Home Office & FlextimeSabbaticalVisa Support 
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Statista GmbH
Johannes-Brahms-Platz 1, 20355 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.