Jobs by email
Unsere Grüne Glasfaser GmbH & Co. KG
Head of Information Security (m/f/d)
Ismaning bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 13 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About us
To secure and expand Germany's position as one of the world's leading innovation and technology locations, access to the fibre optic network is a must for everyone and everywhere.
We at UGG see it as our mission and task to decisively advance Germany's fibre optic network and make ultra-fast high-speed internet available even in rural areas. In this way, we make a decisive contribution to opening up new possibilities for how we communicate with each other, work and shape our lives according to our personal ideas. We are looking for experienced and highly motivated people who share our passion and want to contribute to our mission as Germany's top-notch and sustainable fibre network provider.
In case of equal suitability, applicants (m/f/d) with a severe disability will be given preferential consideration.
Your mission
The Head of Information Security & IT Operations serves as the process owner of all assurance activities related to the availability, integrity and confidentiality of customer, business partner, employee and business information in compliance with the UGG's information security policies. A key element of the Head of Information Security’s role is working with executive management to determine acceptable levels of risk for the organization. This position is responsible for establishing and maintaining a corporate-wide information security management program to ensure that information assets are adequately protected.
Develop, implement and monitor a strategic, comprehensive enterprise information security and IT risk management program.
Work directly with the business units to facilitate risk assessment and risk management processes.
Develop and enhance an information security management framework.
Understand and interact with related disciplines through committees to ensure the consistent application of policies and standards across all technology projects, systems and services.
Provide leadership to the enterprise's information security organization.
Partner with business stakeholders across the company to raise awareness of risk management concerns.
Assist with the overall business technology planning, providing a current knowledge and future vision of technology and systems.
Your profile
Degree in business administration or a technology-related field required.
German native speaker, English proficient. Spanish is a plus.
Experimented knowledge on telecom industry.
Professional security management certification.
Knowledge of common information security management frameworks, such as ISO/IEC 27001, and NIST, Germany’s regulations in term of information security, etc.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and high level of personal integrity.
Innovative thinking and leadership with an ability to lead and motivate cross-functional, interdisciplinary teams.
Experience with contract and vendor negotiations and management including managed services.
Specific experience in Agile (scaled) software development or other best in class development practices.
Experience with Cloud computing/Elastic computing across virtualized environments.
Why us?
Corporate culture: We offer an open corporate culture in an international environment.
Workplace: Modern and ergonomically equipped office space (completely renovated in 2021), as well as an open space and open desk model.
Office equipment: All employees are provided with a laptop and smartphone.
Catering: Free coffee specialities and water are available at all times as well as fresh fruit.
Holidays: We offer 30 holidays per year.
Home office: We offer a good mix of office and home office work. In consultation with your team, you are free to arrange your own times.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Unsere Grüne Glasfaser GmbH & Co. KG
Adalperostr., 85737 Ismaning, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Company mobile phone
Home office
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.