Jobs by email
parfumdreams / Parfümerie Akzente GmbH
QA Engineer (f/m/x)
Pfedelbach bei Heilbronn, Home-Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
As a modern and committed company with over 450 employees in 19 Akzente beauty stores and our online shop parfumdreams, we celebrate the world of beauty and perfumery with passion, enthusiasm and success.
You will be responsible for the testing as well as assuring the quality of the software in a fast-growing international digital business.
THINK BIG. START SMALL. MOVE FAST: JOIN THE TEAM!
Your tasks
Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases 
Estimate, prioritise, plan and coordinate testing activities 
Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools 
Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs 
Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved 
Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs 
Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements
Your profile
Proven work experience in software development, good knowledge of .Net or Java 
Hands-on experience with Selenium and Cucumber 
Proven work experience in software quality assurance 
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes 
Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases 
Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing 
Fluent English skills
Your benefits
Remote work up to 100% possible 
flexible working hours with flexitime 
possibility to work up to 28 calendar days per year in other European countries 
39% employee discount on our entire beauty assortment in our online shop 
50% employee discount on beauty treatments in our beauty stores 
unforgettable employee events 
#comeasyouare: no dress code! Open and positive corporate culture per you 
High-quality and modern mobile working equipment, also for private use 
Individual training offers, as well as training and further education opportunities
Sounds exciting?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
parfumdreams / Parfümerie Akzente GmbH
Meisenstraße 12, 74629 Pfedelbach, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.