Jobs by email
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
Working Student (m/f/d) Web UI Development (Usability)
München
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
With its leading solutions in the areas of Test & Measurement, Technology Systems and Networks & Cybersecurity, the Rohde & Schwarz technology group is one of the pioneers of a secure and connected world. Founded more than 85 years ago, the Group is a reliable partner for its customers from the private and public sectors around the globe.
Headquartered in Munich, Germany, the company has strong regional hubs in Singapore and Columbia, Maryland to coordinate business activities in Asia and the USA.
Join our Software Development Division in München (Germany) at the earliest possible date.
Your tasks
- Implementation of improvements in Web UI of 5G Mobile Radio Tester to improve usability
- Work together with usability officer
Your qualifications
- Academic studies in computer science, electrical engineering or comparable field of studies
- Experience in Web UI Development and Web-Technologies
- Expertise in HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript and Angular 14
- Knowledge about Interface Definition Languages like Google Protocol-Buffers
- Knowledge about Gitlab and Jazz RTC
- Good communication skill to work with the local and international R&D teams
Our offer
You can expect very good payment, excellent terms and outstanding opportunities for growth and development.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.