Jobs by email
Konica Minolta Business Solutions Europe GmbH
IT Specialist Network & Security (m/f/d)
Langenhagen bei Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
*You radiate calm and stick with it when something doesn't work right away. Because you're sure that there's a solution to every problem. You have an eye for the big picture, but also like to take care of the little things. You like to contribute your technical knowledge to projects and build your specialist status.
About us
As an IT service provider, we accompany our customers through the digital era: with market-leading office and production printing systems, smart IT and business software solutions, and an innovative video services and healthcare portfolio. From hardware to software through to services and consulting solutions: we create added value through intelligently connected data in the workplace. RETHINK is what drives us. Trying things out, seizing opportunities, finding innovative solutions. To make this happen, we provide an exciting working environment to our more than 9,000 employees across Europe.
Your work scope to rethink impact
We are a strong brand: With 9,000 motivated employees in Europe, we support our customers on the path to digitalization.
As IT Specialist Network & Security (m/f/d) you are responsible for the implementation, administration and optimization of complex solutions in the area of network & security with a focus on LAN / WAN / WLAN as well as firewall & load balancing. 
You coordinate and implement changes and solve complex incidents (2nd & 3rd level support) in the area of network & security. 
You work on IT infrastructure projects of varying complexity in an international environment, focusing on network & security transformation and optimization.
Within the scope of cross-team and project-related cooperation, you will make an active contribution to the further development of our services.
Of course, you will first get to know our products and internal processes. A strong team is always around you, training courses make you fit for action. A buddy is there for you.
Speaking of the team: There are currently 5 smart people at different locations throughout Europe - all of them feel connected at the location and virtually in the team. 
With all this, you also enjoy flexibility of place and time. Mobile working is part of our culture. Business travel accounts for about 10%.
Your skills to rethink impact
Ideally, you have a university degree in computer science or technical education, e.g. as an IT specialist, and have already worked for several years in a similar position, gaining experience in the analysis, implementation and operation of system architectures in the area of networks and security.  
Your experience is particularly in the areas of network topology and protocols, LAN, WAN, WLAN, VPN as well as security (Checkpoint / Palo Alto / Barracuda) and load balancing (F5).
You actively search for logical, concrete and realistic solutions. In doing so, you develop sustainable ideas for overcoming obstacles and take into account all key influencing factors and implementation capabilities. 
We also want you to have a strong affinity and enthusiasm for new technologies. This will enable us to try out new things together and drive transformation and optimization.
You will never lose sight of your customers, their wishes and expectations in your day-to-day work. You encourage an open exchange and trust, because you are sure that this creates the greatest added value.
You creatively use your wide scope for creativity - in the varied tasks of your position, you easily switch between self-responsible concentration and the committed quality of a team player.
Working in an international and virtual working environment with different digital tools and technologies is easy for you.
Your good communication skills in German and English allow you to formulate messages to the point and appropriately for the respective target group and to appear confident in any environment.
You have a Class B driver's license and are willing to travel throughout Europe. You will also be available to participate in on-call duties on a regular basis. 
We also encourage people with severe disabilities to apply for the advertised position.
Your benefits to expect
Work where and how you want: Flexible working hours and a modern mobile working concept allow you to organise your working day in the way that suits you best.
Time for rest: With a full-time contract and a 38.5-hour week, you get 30 days of annual leave. If 24 December and 31 December fall on a weekday, we will give you these days as additional holidays.
Choice of working hours: Scope for your decision: With us, you can either opt for trust-based working hours or for time recording.
Well-equipped for your professional and private life: From your first day, you will receive a modern smartphone – also for private use.
Well-provided for: We support you with capital-forming benefits.
Well-catered at work: At our headquarters in Langenhagen, a varied menu awaits you in our "Work Café".
Attractive location: We offer free parking and connections to the public infrastructure.
One bike, many advantages: Whether for the way to work or for private tours: With our company bike leasing offer you can secure your dream bike and benefit from attractive tax advantages through direct deferred compensation.
Fit and healthy at work: Ergonomic workstations, a health portal and sports activities organised by colleagues await you.
Secure exclusive benefits: With our partners, you receive great special conditions with well-known manufacturers and brands as well as for fitness studios, insurances, events and much more.
Would you like to learn more about us and our benefits? Then take a look at our career page.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Please write to us at jobs@jobs.konicaminolta.eu, quoting Job ID 3866 (exclusively for queries, applications are only accepted online via the applicant platform).
We will contact you as soon as possible.
Job ID: 3866
Don't miss out on your biggest deal - apply with us
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Konica Minolta Business Solutions Europe GmbH
Europaallee 17, 30855 Langenhagen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -