Jobs by email
Continental AG
Cybersecurity Professional - Internal Cybersecurity Awareness Program (m/f/divers)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for the sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company provides safe, efficient, smart and affordable solutions for vehicles, machinery, traffic and transportation. Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion in 2021 and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our area "Group Functions IT". The position can be staffed at the locations Hanover, Regensburg or Eschborn.
As a "Cybersecurity Professional  - Internal Cybersecurity Awareness Program (m/f/divers)" your tasks will focus on the following major topics and activities:
Design, implementation and further development of an internal Cybersecurity awareness program
Definition of shape and content (videos, podcasts, training sessions, etc..)
Setup an “ambassador” network for Cybersecurity awareness
Promote and introduce Cybersecurity on different internal levels (User groups, events,..)
Identify possible external solution partners
Definition of appropriate KPIs
Consult internal IT departments during project executions
Identify, develop and assess securtiy controls to reduce risks in IT Services / Projects
Perform security evaluations during the selection phase of IT solutions / providers
Evaluate and process Cybersecurity exceptions
Participate and represent Cybersecurity in cross-functional groups meetings and councils
Qualifications
University degree in computer science / communication or similar
First relevant work experience in a comparable field of activity
Knowledge in Cybersecurity
Effective communication skills German and English, both spoken and written 
Strong communication / moderation skills
Interpersonal and intercultural skills to work with different stakeholders
Good (self-)organizational skills
Willingness to travel from time to time
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome
Additional Information
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Vahrenwalder Straße 9, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -