Jobs by email
Uniper
IT Project Portfolio Manager (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
For our Portfolio Office Team in Business Change in Düsseldorf we are looking for you!
Maximize the value of the IT project portfolio and steer the budget to target
Continuously manage complexity & risks, set up and coordinate corrective actions
Develop and align portfolio strategy in close alignment with IT and Business strategy, lead portfolio strategy forum
Improve risks, dependencies & benefits management governance and processes
Contribute to the transformation towards agile portfolio management
Further digitalize all aspects of the portfolio management processes
Strategic IT project portfolio planning during Mid-Term Planning (MTP) and Forecast (FC) process supported by Portfolio Controller
Represent the department in selected Program Steering Committees
Lead program manager forum
Maintain and contribute to further improve the Uniper Project Management standard
Your profile
Advanced degree or qualification in Management or IT with minimum of 10 years of relevant working experience in Portfolio Management and/or IT Project/Program management, including accountability to manage risks and escalations
Experience in strategy development and alignment with senior management, ideally with the help of tools such as portfolio canvas and OKRs
In-depth experience with classical waterfall and agile project/portfolio methodology, e.g. SAFe
Strong commercial drive, investor mindset, ability to challenge senior stakeholders
Strong collaboration skills and executive presence; excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to present data-driven results appropriately for senior management
Ability to prioritize and thrive in a fast paced, complex, and demanding environment
Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office365, especially in MS Excel (pivot tables), and MS PowerPoint
Experience utilizing data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI or similar
Fluent in English and at least intermediate German knowledge (B1)
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work.
We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40219 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.