Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Infotainment Test Engineer (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V625
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
 Your Mission 
Design, implementation and documentation of test automation system with a focus on the applications based on embedded Linux.
Creating test case and test plans for the next generation infotainment product.
Implementation, execution and documentation of test cases.
Identify effective test strategies for new/existing features and craft test plans accordingly.
Support development team to reproduce bugs and verify bug fixes.
Analysis of logs, test specs and test scripts.
Vehicle Logs Analysis like DLT logs, Ethernet/CAN logs.
Requirement analysis and development of test approach.
Analyze issues detected during your tests or reported by others and work closely with developers to resolve issues and validate software changes.
Maintain and document test environment (e.g. test bench and car).
 Qualifikationen
Your Profile 
Education
Degree in automotive engineering, computer science, electrical engineering or a comparable field of study.
Requirements
Minimum 4+ years of experience in Automotive Testing (Manual + Automation)
Sound Knowledge with C / C++ or Python / Batch scripting preferred, GIT, Jenkins, Jira. 
Proficiency in testing Infotainment systems and In-Car Testing.
Deep knowledge in testing process, requirement analysis and derive the testable requirements.
Sound Knowledge in Vector CANoe and vehicle communication protocol like Ethernet, CAN, LIN.
Experience in automation framework like Robot Framework or any image processing techniques.
Outstanding ability to multitask and coordinate multiple parallel program and executive priorities.
Ability to communicate effectively with internal stakeholders and working partners.
Work in a team-based environment to achieve common goals ideally in a agile set-up
Added Advantage:
Experience with Linux configuration, debugging and performance analysis tools (e.g. systemd, gdb, valgrind, perf)
Valid drivers License for EU and clean driving record.
Knowleage of Test Framework development and experience in UDS Protocol and Vehicle Diagnostics.
Personal Skills
Proactive and taking responsibility.
Team-player having very good communication skills
Self-Organized and highly collaborative
Open and outgoing personality
DevOps and Hands-on mentality
Continuous learning attitude
Language Skills
Proficient in English, German is a plus!
 Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Mobility Budget, Healthcare Budget & more benefits 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
• Job title and reference number
• Salary expectations
• Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.