Jobs by email
SGL Carbon
(Junior) Application Consultant SAP Logistics / MM (m/w/d)
Bonn
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
SGL Carbon is a leader in the development and manufacture of products based on specialty graphite and compo­sites materials. Using our comprehensive technology know-how and in close partnership with our customers, we develop intelligent and leading-edge solutions for the big issues of mobility, energy and digitization.
SGL Carbon has more than 4, 700 employees worldwide and 31 sites in Europe, North America and Asia, and a ser­vice network in over 100 countries.
Location: Bonn
Legal Entity: SGL Carbon GmbH
Functional Area: Information Technology
Employment Type: Full time
Your Opportunity:
As team member of a global IT Team, you are supporting global standardized business processes in the area of logistics / material management and mobile solutions
Being a project member and/or leading international projects
Consultant of process driven problems and requirements, which includes investigation, proposing and evaluating new IT solutions mainly based on SAP and related tools
Conceptional design, implementation and documentation of custom solutions in SAP MM and also mobile solutions
Support of technical analysis in interface topics, e.g., integration of mobile scanners into SAP environment
Ticket handling and resolution which implies expertise in SAP MM customizing and technical specification for the ABAP development
First contact for external IT partners that provide support services in the area of SAP
Learning and deployment of new technologies in a fast-changing IT environment
Get ready to join a global team, take ownership and the advantage of a modern IT architecture. We are a company that values work-life balance and therefore offer the opportunity to work remotely and flexibly.
Your Profile:
University degree in the area of IT or similar
Ideally 2 years of experience in IT consulting for SAP MM, additional knowledge in other related modules (e.g., WM) and/or technical expertise is an advantage
Good understanding of logistics processes in inventory and warehouse management
Technical foundation to understand and design of integration of SAP with other tools
First experience in Project Management methodology is beneficial
Good oral and written language skills in English, German language skills are an advantage
Our Promise:
Convince us with your skills and strengths – in an experienced team, working on challenging tasks. With our leading-edge technologies and materials, you will have freedom to act and a wide range of development opportunities. Attractive remuneration and smart fringe benefits are all part of our offer.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
SGL Carbon
53179 Bonn, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.