Jobs by email
ZEISS
NLP Engineer (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data & Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. Within the Enterprise Data Management Team of our rapidly growing Data & Analytics organisation, you will help our business units to design, build, and maintain knowledge-based systems, driven by the vision to enable everyone to effectively find, learn, share, & innovate throughout the enterprise. Your direct role and responsabilities include:
Develop and apply algorithms based on Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning (LLMs like GPT/ChatGPT), & Knowledge Graphs to extract, process & analyze information from unstructured documents
Work in a team with data scientists, data & knowledge engineers, software developers, and product owners to create scalable, reusable and performant data-oriented applications, incl. e.g., document understanding, chatbots, recommender, search
Convey technically difficult concepts in a clear and understandable way, translate business needs to technical specifications, and provide guidance for applying natural language processing & machine learning to other teams
Evaluate the latest methods and technologies and support the design of our data & analytics platforms and governance infrastructures
Continuously improve quality and performance while owning applications from idea to operations
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree (MSc/PhD) in information technology, computer science, natural sciences, or similar training
At least 3 years of working experience in applying natural language processing in a business-relevant context, in production environments
Expert understanding of Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning / Deep Learning as applied to Natural Language (e.g., LLMs)
Excellent programming skills in Python, including mastering the standard libraries for NLP, machine learning and data science; knowledge of one other programming language (e.g. Java, Javascript) is a plus
Experience in any of search (e.g., based on Elasticsearch, MongoDB), semantic technologies (e.g., Graph Databases), chatbots (e.g., RASA) is considered a plus - An independent (“can-do”), solution-oriented and team-oriented way of working, not afraid to take on responsibility
Strong desire to learn & upskill at the intersection of data, science & industry Experience with the following is welcome and considered as a plus:
Cloud technologies like Microsoft Azure (e.g., Synapse, Databricks, Azure DevOps) - Big Data (e.g., Spark) - CI/CD using e.g., git, docker
Agile software-development using Scrum / Kanban
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.