Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Inhouse Consultant - CRM Service / SAP SD (f/m/div.)
Grasbrunn
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sicherheitssysteme GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Grasbrunn
Your tasks
Take responsibility:
You are responsible for the design and implementation of business and IT processes in order, contract and service management. In this role you implement IT solutions based on SAP CRM Service and SAP SD/LE applying agile implementation methods.
Networked communication:
The analysis and optimization of processes in cooperation with the respective business departments as well as the Second Level Support for the process area are part of your tasks.
Think holistically:
You frequently align with other process areas, thereby ensuring consistent integrated process- and IT solutions.
Your profile
Education: degree in Business Administration, Information Management, Business Engineering or equivalent. Alternatively, a relevant apprenticeship as well as extensive specialist skills and qualified trainings or a comparable qualification.
Personality and Working Practice: excellent communication skills and a confident behavior. In addition, structured and goal oriented working style as well as strong analytical skills.
Experience and Knowledge: many years of experience in design and implementation of IT solutions in the area of SAP CRM service and SAP SD/LE. First experiences in (sub-) project management as well as technical knowledge, also in programming, are advantageous. S4 migration experiences for Service Management are beneficial. Furthermore, deep understanding of order, contract and service management processes. Additionally, excellent skills in SAP CRM Service and SAP ERP modules SD/LE incl. middleware.
Willingness to travel: up to 30%
Languages: fluent written and spoken English and German language skills.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Ring 5, 85630 Grasbrunn, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.