Jobs by email
Unsere Grüne Glasfaser GmbH & Co. KG
Installation & Customer Maintenance Manager (m/f/d), Full-time/Part-time
Ismaning
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 13 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
About us
To secure and expand Germany's position as one of the world's leading innovation and technology locations, access to the fibre optic network is a must for everyone and everywhere.
We at UGG see it as our mission and task to decisively advance Germany's fibre optic network and make ultra-fast high-speed internet available even in rural areas. In this way, we make a decisive contribution to opening up new possibilities for how we communicate with each other, work and shape our lives according to our personal ideas. We are looking for experienced and highly motivated people who share our passion and want to contribute to our mission as Germany's top-notch and sustainable fibre network provider.
In case of equal suitability, applicants (m/f/d) with a severe disability will be given preferential consideration.
Your mission
The Network Operation team is located within the Technology & IT (CTIO) and is responsible for ensuring the UGG network quality. We keeping it all up and running to provide the best network experience to our customers in the most efficient way by using a data driven operation.
Management of all end customer installation and maintenance processes, workflow definition, definition of operational service processes with wholebuy operators
 Knowledge provisioning and customer maintenance process: Installation, testing, modification, trouble diagnosis, maintenance, repair, database support, and workforce systems, add and change activity
 Control and manage, define KPIs and objectives of the Contractors that do the installation and maintenance at end customer premises aligning with the service SLAs
 Define operational processes procedures and workflows of the Contractors that do the installation and maintenance at end customer premises aligning with the service SLAs. Ensure quality standards in accordance with the defined contracts
 Develop improvements in the operation and work with those responsible for the operation to ensure its implementation
 Analyze the application of digital technologies (artificial intelligence, RPA, data analysis, ...) to increase automation and intelligent management of the operation
 Anticipate problems in the operation by developing preventive programs and ensuring their implementation and monitoring by those responsible for the operation
 To carry out evaluation of the operation's performance and follow-up of SLAs
 Improve the results of the operational quality by studying, evaluating and recommending the redesign of processes
 Provide operational management information by collecting, analyzing and summarizing operational and engineering data and trends
 Develop and evaluate RFPs for Network Operation Center and Service Operation Center vendor selection
Your profile
Successfully completed studies or vocational training in IT, electrical engineer or a comparable field 
Proven multi-year experience in comparable positions, ideally in the telecommunications
Excellent German language skills, proficiency in English, knowledge of Spanish is a plus
Good communication and teamwork skills
Strong analytical and logical thinking skills
Structured, solution- and goal-oriented way of working 
Ability to solve problems creatively 
Proactive approach, contribution of own ideas and suggestions for improvements 
Positive can-do attitude
Why us?
Corporate culture: We offer an open corporate culture in an international environment.
Workplace: Modern and ergonomically equipped office space (completely renovated in 2021), as well as an open space and open desk model.
Office equipment: All employees are provided with a laptop and smartphone.
Catering: Free coffee specialities and water are available at all times as well as fresh fruit.
Holidays: We offer 30 holidays per year.
Home office: We offer a good mix of office and home office work. In consultation with your team, you are free to arrange your own times.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Unsere Grüne Glasfaser GmbH & Co. KG
Adalperostr., 85737 Ismaning, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Company mobile phone
Home office
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.