Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Head of Platform (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 weeks ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V595
Aufgaben
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission
As Head of Production Platform, you are responsible for development of base technologies within the infotainment SW stack such as real time OS, hypervisor, BSP, vehicle network communication, country specific SW and more.
Define and champion the technology strategy and roadmap
Work closely together with neighboring departments to fulfill the expectations of the customer
Build up, lead and manage several international teams with diverse roles (configuration manager, requirements manager, …)
Develop, communicate, realize and enforce delivery-related activities from single line of code to multi-team product releases
Collaborate with external and internal customers to gain input on product delivery requirements and evolving customer needs
Report directly to the CEO as part of the leadership team
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Education
Masters in software engineering, computer science or equivalent degree
Experience
Minimum 5 years experience in the field of end-to-end software delivery (from single line of code to product release)
Ideal candidate brings extensive first-hand experience in QNX and AUTOSAR development, communication protocols, BSP etc.
First-hand experience in state-of-the-art development practices (CI/CD, DevOps, end-to-end testing, developer feedback in a multi-team setup)
Personal skills
Strong project- and stakeholder management skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Leadership experience in an agile organization
Fluency in English and ideally a good knowledge of German
Communication skills in writing and public speaking are stellar
Excellent interpersonal skills
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building facing the Spree (Berlin Headquarter)
Remote work possible (for legal reasons only inside Germany)
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee and fruits, and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (English) and relevant references with the following information:
Job title and reference number
Salary expectations
Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.