Jobs by email
BestSecret Group
(Senior) Software Engineer C#.NET (m/f/d)
Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
About BestSecret Group
We are a leading European members-only online destination for premium and luxury off-price fashion. Partnering with over 3,000 international brands, our tech-focused mindset and strong commitment to sustainability drives a truly unique experience for our members. With almost 100 years of experience behind us, and a major tech transformation ahead, BestSecret is scaling at pace to become one of Europe’s most exciting ecommerce players. We are proud to have a diverse team of over 1,700 employees from over 80 countries and are committed to further building out our international team with the very best talent based at our various hubs across Europe.
(SENIOR) SOFTWARE ENGINEER C#.NET (M/F/D)
Location: Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
We are looking for you to join our Tech-Logistics Team, as we are responsible for the development of solutions across the entire logistics process in an agile environment. From the receival of goods to the ordering process and returns management, your input is needed.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Design, develop and maintain efficient, reusable and reliable C# .NET code.
You work on improving performance, quality and responsiveness of existing and new applications.
Identification of bottlenecks and issues, as well as development of solution proposals.
Supporting the maintenance of code quality and the associated processes.
You will be involved in designing and developing of automated platform and unit tests.
YOUR QUALIFICATION
Completed studies in computer science or comparable qualification.
You have at least several years of practical experience in the C# .NET environment (ASP.NET MVC, JavaScript).
Technical proficiency in MS SQL, MongoDB, cloud technologies such as Azure, Kubernetes, Docker.
Further knowledge in HTML, CSS, UI Frameworks (Angular, Typescript) and in dealing with MVC, RESTFul, NHibernate, Entity Framework.
Ideally you have basic knowledge of JavaScript (e.g. jQuery, Node.js) and databases (SQL).
Ability to combine your strong communication skills in German and English with your enthusiasm to boost and share knowledge.
BENEFITS
Become part of our success story and work in an innovative working environment
Individual training for your personal development
Find an environment where you feel comfortable and can develop fully
Great employee discounts for your perfect style
Stay fit and healthy with our corporate memberships at exclusive fitness and wellness clubs in Germany
Attractive salary package and 30 days of vacation
Highly motivated colleagues and a thorough induction phase
Hybrid working gives you a high degree of flexibility
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.