Jobs by email
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Senior Voice of the Consumer Analyst (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Tomorrow is our home.
Find out how you can enjoy, grow and perform at BSH Home Appliances Group: As a leading manufacturer of home appliances and solutions, we encourage commitment and open-mindedness among our employees. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff as well as our local brands, our focus truly is on innovation. And that doesn’t just apply to our products and services, but also drives the way in which we cooperate, exchange ideas and organize our teams. Everyone is invited to make their individual contribution to our overall success. Join us now and give your career a home.
Senior Voice of the Consumer Analyst (m/f/d)
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Full time |
Munich
Your responsibilities
Do you want to become an active part and shaper of the consumer centric transformation of BSH? Then you are welcome to join BSH’s Consumer Listening and Analytics department within the Corporate Marketing organization. Exciting projects and varied tasks await you.
Shape & drive strategic design of a modern consumer data analytics framework, supporting the BSH marketing and business strategy
Define standards for consumer data management and reporting with stakeholders based on business needs
Define and conduct review and assessment of BSH consumer data incl. defining needs with regards to data sources, data tools and data management
Actively use and mine data for providing integrated consumer data analytics for global insight initiatives by leveraging consumer data sources
Deployment, accessibility and efficient use of consumer data management tools and infrastructure (business ownership)
Your profile
Master degree in Business Administration, Business Information Systems or a comparable degree with focus on Market Research/Data Analytics
Senior data strategist with +10 years of consumer and marketing data analytics experience and +5 years of practical data analytics experience
Ability to lead and guide data analyst colleagues and to consult on consumer data analytics way of working, capability and capacity requirements
Excellent analytic skills with ability to simplify the complexity of consumer data landscape & present complex circumstances on top management level
Business fluent English; inquisitive and open minded; excellent collaborator, great at building relationships with a strong entrepreneurial mindset
Your benefits
Being a driver for Consumer Centricity at BSH
Challenging tasks in an international and cross-functional work environment
Inspiring work environment in a dynamic and highly motivated team
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Carl-Wery-Str. 34, 81739 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates