Jobs by email
tesa SE
Global Data Scientist (m/f/x)
Hamburg, Norderstedt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full-time
What you will do
Develop innovative data engineers & data science applications to solve real-world business problems
Collaborate with other data analysts, data engineers, data scientists in a cross-functional team
Be a data navigator for other departments to integrate data & build smart algorithms
Prepare and analyze data to optimize our models and algorithms
Work in an agile environment with varied tasks
Be the master of our Snowflake, Snowpark and Streamlit application
What you will need
Master’s degree / PhD in a relevant field, including data science, (business) informatics, software engineering, economics, statistics, physics and mathematics. Other educational backgrounds are welcome to apply, especially with relevant work experience.
Good understanding of statistics and advanced machine learning algorithms
Several years of hands-on experience with different data science use-cases
Solid Python skills and an affinity to write clean, well-documented code
Prior experience in modular programming
Good SQL skills
Git fundamentals, ideally experience with using CI/CD pipelines and working with separate environments
Fluency in English. German and other languages are beneficial
What you can expect
tesa is one of the world's leading manufacturers of adhesive tape solutions, with a range of more than 7,000 products.  With passion for technology, we drive innovation, reliability, and sustainability to shape a better future.
Our solutions make a difference in the work, products, and lives of our customers across a variety of industries, including Automotive, Electronics, and Home applications. With this, we address a broad segment of business customers, but also you as a private consumer.
You might be surprised to discover the many places where our adhesive solutions are at work, from the battery in your electric car, to the display of your mobile phone, and even in the elevator in your building. Wherever you look, you'll find tesa - holding the world together since more than 125 years.
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
tesa SE
Norderstedt, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates