Jobs by email
TOI TOI & DIXI Group GmbH
IT system engineer (m/w/d)
Bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
The TOI TOI & DIXI Group is the world market leader in mobile, connection-free sanitary units and has 45 operating companies in 27 countries. A successful family company for over 30 years, the TOI TOI & DIXI Group generated consolidated sales of 428 million euros in 2020.
The Group’s steady sales growth is mainly due to its building on existing business models, expanding its diverse service portfolio, and moving into new areas of business. Its longstanding customer ties, high customer loyalty, and needs-oriented services are key factors in the success of its core business areas, Construction and Events. In addition, long-term investments in workforce and assets safeguard the growth of the TOI TOI & DIXI Group.
As a modern service provider, the TOI TOI & DIXI Group provides a comprehensive service and a wide product portfolio ranging from simple portable toilets to luxury sanitary containers or multipurpose containers with individual fittings. 
Your Role
Support corporate projects on site in various locations (e.g. infrastructure modernisation, network standardisation, ERP rollouts)
Support rollout of Office 365 environment to legal entities of TOI TOI & DIXI Group GmbH
Cooperate with external service providers on resolution of server and network related incidents
Coordinate a change management process
Define standards and policies for end-user computing
Govern IT operations related contracts and licenses
Monitor, automate and improve the infrastructure as well as updating relevant technical documentation
Your Skills
Successfully completed bachelor´s degree in business informatics, informatics or other IT related field
Several years of working experience in IT surrounding
Experience with Windows Active Directory and Windows servers in a corporate environment as well as with administering Linux servers
Basic experience with Office 365 and/or Exchange/Sharepoint
Positive and communicative personality with a structured way of working and thinking as well as attention to detail
Good command of English (B2 or better) and fluent German 
Your Benefits
Possibility to work from home, or from offices in Ratingen (Germany) 
Attractive compensation and a permanent employment contract
Modern working time model with flexible working hours
Individual onboarding plan and comprehensive induction training
Consistent offers of advanced and additional training courses
Company health management and 30 days annual vacation
Open communication and cooperation with a friendly and professional team
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.