Jobs by email
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG
Trainee* IT / Global Tech
Hamburg
Entry level / trainee
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
Trainee* IT / Global Tech
At Berenberg, talented people play a key role in our success. That is why we are proud to have earned a reputation for offering a high-quality and challenging training programme for university graduates. As an IT trainee, you accumulate extensive practical experience during the programme, develop your skills through individual training, benefit from global opportunities and make a difference. We are looking to hire tech-passionate trainees onto our 18-month IT/Global Technology Trainee Programme 2023.
The Programme:
Flexibility remains at the core of our programme, that’s why you will have the choice to specialise in an area of our business that best suits you!
Software Development
Operations Engineering
Business Analysis
Your journey starts with an intensive 2-week London-based training course designed to help you prepare for your career at Berenberg. Following this, you will spend 5 months trying your hand at various tech roles giving you the opportunity to see where your talent lies. You will then take the knowledge you’ve accumulated thus far and work with your peers on creating something new from scratch during the 10-week innovation phase. Working side-by-side with your trainee cohort and innovation mentors, you will develop new software, infrastructure and technologies that will have a real impact on Berenberg’s future success. The remainder of the programme consists of rotations in your chosen area of specialisation allowing you to identify the team that you would like to join permanently.
Your Profile:
Besides strong communication skills, the ability to take creative and innovative approaches to the use of technology, the desire to work in a fast-paced team environment as well as being enthusiastic about global technology trends, you bring aboard:
University degree in any academic discipline, especially Computer Science, Engineering or Business Informatics (obtained or expecting a good or above)
Fluency in German for trainees based in Hamburg essential, also fluency in English
Interest in agile and modern working methods and willingness to learn new topics and technologies
Interest in business analysis, IT infrastructure and/or fundamental understanding of software development
Prior internships, working-student placements or previous coding experience advantageous (e.g. in Java, JavaScript, C#, Python)
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG
Neuer Jungfernstieg 20, 20354 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -