Jobs by email
1&1 Mail & Media
IT Security Professional - Governance, Risk & Compliance (f/m/d) - onsite or remote / home office
Karlsruhe, München, Nationwide (Germany), Work from home
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
About us
With our strong brands GMX, WEB.DE and mail.com and over 42 million active users, we are the leading email and communications platform in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. From this strong market position, services and apps are developed that simplify users' digital lives - from office tools and cloud solutions to personal ID management.
Your tasks
WEB.DE and GMX are the leading mail and cloud providers in Germany with over 35 million customers. Do you like to take over responsibility and organisational security is your passion? Do you value an agile environment and a digital company? We're eager to welcome you on board as an IT Security Professional in our team Governance, Risk & Compliance.
You design and improve strategic processes (e.g. ISMS, risk management, BCM) and steer internal stakeholders during their implementation.
You define and document security requirements, make their fullfillment grade transparent, and help your colleagues with closing the gaps.
You cooperate closely with both technical and non-technical departments and make sure that current industry best practices, standards and company business needs are reflected in the results of the joint work.
You're the first contact point for governance, risk and compliance queries. You consult all divisions to security topics and increase security awareness.
You prepare and steer both internal and external security audits.
We appreciate
Have you completed a technical degree or do you have comparable education? Do you have profound experience with organizational security topics? Can you translate business requirements into security concepts? Are you familiar wih current relevant topics like DevSecOps or Policy as Code? Have you worked in agile environments and do you like hands-on work? We're eager to get your application!
You have profound knowledge of organizational security topics like ISMS, risk management or BCM. You're versed with standards like ISO 27001 or NIST and you continuously keep yourself up-to-date with current best practices.
You have a track record of strategic improvements achieved in strategic security topics.
You have a solid technical background. You're able to successfully comunicate with both technical and non-technical stakeholders on all levels and you can reflect their needs in products of your work.
You're an analytic person with a can-do attitude and great organizational skills.
You're a team player and you have outstanding presentation and communication skills, both in German and in English.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates