Jobs by email
BayWa r.e. AG
Working Student (f/m/d) IT-Service Management
München
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
At BayWa r.e. we r.e.think energy - how it is produced, stored and can be best used to enable the global renewable energy transition that is essential to the future of our planet. Based in 30 countries, BayWa r.e. is a leading global renewable energy developer, service provider, distributor and energy solutions provider. Operating throughout Europe, the Americas and Asia-Pacific, we are strategically investing in emerging markets around the world, actively shaping the future of energy and taking a stand against climate change. Embracing equity and diversity, we are committed to creating inclusive environments where everyone can reach their full potential. Every day, we are working hard to find new solutions, push technological boundaries and redefine service standards to make renewable energy even better.
Due to our dynamic growth we are looking for a Working Student (f/m/d) IT-Service Management with the goal to support our IT-Service Team.
What You Will Do
You support the IT Demand Process (following up on open demand requests and tasks, ensure correct assignment of tasks, create reports/statistics)
You assist in various IT-Service Management tasks (create documents, templates, process descriptions and reports in English)
You are taking over several project tasks 
You help in designing user communications
What You Bring
You are an enrolled student and are interested in the topics of organization, project work and process management
You like dealing with IT topics and want to enter the fi eld of IT-Service Management
You have good knowledge in MS Offi ce tools
You have good German (B2) and strong English (C1) skills in written and verbal communication
You are available for at least 10 hours per week
What We Are Ready To Offer You
Mobile working  
Flexible working hours  
Modern office atmosphere  
Company restaurant / Barista bar  
Discounted Conditions Fitness  
Discounted Online Shopping  
Smartphone, also for private use 
JobRad
Is This Role The Right Fit For You?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
BayWa r.e. AG
81925 München, Deutschland