Jobs by email
Personio
(Senior) Customer Integration Specialist (d/f/m)
Home-Office, München, Berlin, Amsterdam, Dublin, London, Madrid, Barcelona
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
About us
Bring your best. Make your mark. We’re using technology to revolutionize the way HR operates so that we can transform the way millions of people experience work every day. We move fast, challenge the status quo, and support our people as they shape their careers. 
With over 8,000 customers and a team of 1,700 in seven offices across Europe, now is the perfect time to join! We believe in hiring driven people who want to make an impact. So bring your best, and let’s build the future of HR technology together. 
Personio is an equal opportunities employer, committed to building an integrative culture where everyone feels welcomed and supported. We #EmbraceUniqueness and understand that our diverse, values-driven culture makes us stronger. We are proud to have an inclusive workplace environment that will foster your development no matter your gender, civil status, family status, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, education level, or race.
The Role
This role can also be based in Berlin, Amsterdam, Dublin, London, Madrid, Barcelona, or remotely within these countries.
As a member of our Integration Services team, you will be responsible for directly supporting customers, continuously improving our processes within the Professional Service team and providing customer insights to product, integrations and engineering teams. As a Customer Integration Specialist, your main responsibility is to solve technically complex customer issues, provide technical consulting to our customer and lead team initiatives that continuously improve the customer experience. As an owner of customer satisfaction, your job is to see issues through to their resolution, communicate effectively, and drive impact through collaboration with teams across Personio to represent customer interests.
Your tasks and responsibilities will include:
Become an API and integration specialist, troubleshooting complex customer issues through documentation, SSO configuration, test apps, and collaboration with others.
Work with customers and customer-facing teams to identify technical needs and design customized, adaptive solutions for effective integration.
Reproduce and document bugs for Engineering and Product teams, supporting faster customer resolutions and identifying trends for process improvement.
Enhance customer experience by leading initiatives for continuous support improvement and empathizing with their needs.
Contribute to team success through mentoring, sharing feedback, and maintaining high-quality documentation for new and existing feature launches.
What you need to succeed
You are an articulate communicator, proficient in both verbal and written English and German and enjoy crafting clear and concise messages to customers, adapting your style depending on the technical ability of the customer.
Strong understanding of web application architecture, including transport (primarily HTTP), common data formats (JSON), and an ability to work with standard APIs patterns (e.g. REST).
Demonstration of ability to learn new programming languages and adapt to new technologies
4+ years of relevant professional experience in SaaS deployment, and maintain a keen interest in providing outstanding customer support experiences and consulting.
You are curious about technology, hardworking and eagerly embrace the challenge of solving problems, both with software and soft skills.
Basic to intermediate proficiency in at least one server-side programming language (e.g., Python, Java, PHP, Ruby, Node.js, or Go); advanced expertise not required, but a willingness to learn and improve is essential. Experience with server-side frameworks and libraries (e.g., Django, Flask, Express, Ruby on Rails, or Spring) is a plus
Why Personio
Aside from our people, culture, and mission, there are a variety of additional benefits that help make Personio a great place to work! Work with us and receive:
Competitive compensation package – reevaluated each year – that includes salary, benefits, and pre-IPO equity
28 days of paid vacation, plus another additional day after 2 and 4 years (because we love what we do, but we also love vacation!)
2 Impact Days you can use to have an impact on the environment and society –  one for an individual project of your choice and one for a company-wide initiative! #SocialResponsibility
Find your best way to work with our office-led, remote-friendly PersonioFlex! We offer a roughly 50% remote, 50% in-office working framework to suit your needs
Annual personal development budget for you to invest in your development via professional memberships, external certifications, conferences, and more
Regular company and team events like All Company Culture Week and local year-end celebrations
High-impact working environment with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes
Receive generous family leave, child support, mental health support, and sabbatical opportunities with PersonioCares
Save money with corporate discounts across brands like Adidas, LG, Bosch, Apple, and more
Invest in your retirement via the Personio Pension Scheme, including a Personio contribution
Choose between green mobility options, including a JobRad® bike or monthly public transportation ticket
Access multiple fitness studios and sports facilities across Germany for €22 per month with a subsidized Qualitrain membership
A beautiful, spacious office in the heart of Munich, complete with professional espresso machines, free drinks and snacks, and indoor and outdoor break spaces 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.