Jobs by email
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
Software Developer and/or Security and Privacy Specialist (m/f/d)
Schwalbach am Taunus
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
Vitesco Technologies is a leading international developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art powertrain technologies for sustainable mobility. With smart system solutions and components for electric, hybrid and internal combustion vehicles, Vitesco Technologies makes mobility clean, efficient and affordable. The product range includes electric drives, electronic control units, sensors and actuators, and exhaust-gas aftertreatment solutions. In 2020, Vitesco Technologies recorded sales of EUR 8 billion and employs almost 40,000 people at around 50 locations worldwide. Vitesco Technologies is headquartered in Regensburg, Germany.
Your tasks
As automotive cyber security is mainly driven by software, we are looking for an support with an affinity for automotive cyber security.
In your role as Software Developer (m/f/d) you will be responsible for the development (design, implementation and test) of software in the area of Smart Sensing and Actuation systems.
You have to ensure the security of the product and the privacy of its users, based on the results of the TARA and the risk treatment approach.
Your new responsibilities:
Analyzing, developing, and deploying software solutions based on customer or internal requirements
Configure of Software components according to relevant (customer) requirements
Integration of 3rd party software
Identifying security weaknesses in products and functions
Executing Threat Analysis and Risk Assessments (TARA)
Defining required security features to meet security requirements
Your profile
Academic degree in the field of software engineering or comparable qualification
Knowledge on cyber-attack methods in automotive field
Software architecture knowledge especially of the AUTOSAR Classic standard is highly desirable
Knowledge in Security and Privacy standard, methods and approaches
Knowledge in security analysis like TARA and STRIDE
Knowledge of communication protocols like SPI, CAN, LIN
Experience in embedded SW development in C as well as solid understanding of microcontroller architectures
Fluent German and English language skills written and spoken
Self-motivated, dedicated, focused, and able to meet tight schedules
Ability to work with cross functional teams
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
65824 Schwalbach am Taunus, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.