Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Solution Architect Emerging Topics
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 23 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch.IO GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Berlin
Your tasks
You advise Bosch internal customers on strategic and architectural decisions in various interesting projects and actively lead technical workshops.
With your methodological and technical skills, you enable our customers to optimally design cloud applications. You advise our customer projects from development to productive operation. You help to build up the necessary competencies.
You are an active member of the Bosch Architecture community and enjoy the exchange with others. This includes writing blog posts, white papers, talks and discussions with experts at eye level. Expanding your technical and methodological skills is an essential part of the daily work.
Your profile
Education: Completed studies with a focus on information technology (e.g. computer science, business information systems) or comparable qualification.
Personality: Fun to work with, independent, structured, confident, team player, responsible and goal-oriented.
Working Practice: Customer-oriented attitude and the ability to discuss architectures with stakeholders at different levels, as well as working and thinking independently.
Experience and Knowledge: Several years of professional experience in the field of design and implementation of IT systems (preferred: cloud applications). In addition, practical experience in emerging topics e.g. Web 3.0 or Metaverse, cloud computing and MLOps.
Languages: Very good English skills, German is a plus.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Ullsteinstraße 128, 12109 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.