Jobs by email
FERCHAU GmbH
Model Based System Engineer (m/f/d)
Garching b. München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Taking technology to the next level. Facing up to challenges and working on the innovations of tomorrow - for this, we at FERCHAU need experts like you: As someone ambitious who, like us, wants to take technology to the next level. We are involved in exciting projects for well-known customers in the aerospace industry and take on responsibility for complex development projects. Do you want to fully realise your potential? We offer you an environment with diverse tasks, new challenges and constant opportunities with which you can grow and hone your profile.
Model Based System Engineer (m/f/d)
Garching b. München
Deine Aufgaben
This will be your future job
Development and improvement of new Cameo Systems Modeller macros in JavaScript
Verification of DOORS RPE/Cameo Report generator scripts
Development of Document Report Templates in Velocity Template Language (VTL) and JavaScript
Execution of documented and reproducible acceptance tests for each delivery
Your benefits at FERCHAU
Permanent employment contract
Flexible working time account and the possibility to work remote
Cooperation at eye level in an international team
Career prospects and individual further development within our team through various institutes, including German courses and training in various soft and hard skills
Balance to the daily work routine through regular team events
Dein Profil
Your profile
Completed studies in the field of computer science, aerospace engineering or a comparable education
Experience in the field of systems engineering
Knowledge of current methods for analysis and design with SysML
Experience with a common modelling tool for systems modelling such as Cameo Systems Modeler
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
FERCHAU GmbH
Parkring 2, 85748 Garching b. München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -