Jobs by email
QIAGEN GmbH
SAP BI/BW Senior Consultant (m/f/d)
Hilden bei Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
At the heart of QIAGEN’s business is a vision to make improvements in life possible.
We are on an exciting mission to make a real difference in science and healthcare. We are still the entrepreneurial company we started out as and have today achieved a size where we can bring our full power to many initiatives and to our presence across the globe.
Our most valuable asset are our employees – more than 6000 in over 35 locations around the world. Our ambition is to ensure we have outstanding and passionate people working in the best teams and we are constantly looking for new talent to join us.
There are few players who have shaped the world of modern science and healthcare as much as QIAGEN, and we have only just started.
If you are looking to advance your career, are seeking new challenges and opportunities, enjoy working in dynamic, international and diverse teams and want to make a real impact on people’s lives, then QIAGEN is where you need to be.
Join us. At QIAGEN, you make a difference every day.
JOB ID: EMEA02844
Your tasks
Your tasks
Are you interested in analytics with SAP BW4HANA in a highly motivated BI team? Then you are exactly right here!
Conducting internal requirement discussions in the BI environment with a focus on SAP BW/4 HANA and SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC)
Requirement analysis and creation of technical setup documents
Designing and implementing the solutions for our internal customers
Acting independently and taking on responsible tasks in internal projects
Management of / participation in international projects in the SAP BW / BI environment at our location in Hilden (Düsseldorf)
You are the source of ideas for compliance with and design of global reporting standards in the BI environment and ensure continuous improvements
Your profile
You have a masters/ bachelor’s degree (business informatics, computer science, business administration) or a comparable qualification
3-5 years of professional experience in the BI environment
Good knowledge of using tools such as SAP BW, HANA, SAC
You are enthusiastic about new topics and technologies!
You have strong communication skills and motivation; you show a creative way of thinking and a keen interest in future-oriented technologies.
Fluent German and good English skills complete your profile
What we offer
At the heart of QIAGEN are our people who drive our success. We act with passion, always challenging the status quo to drive innovation and continuous improvement. We inspire with our leadership and make an impact with our actions. We create a collaborative, safe and engaging workplace which forms the basis for high performing individuals and teams. We drive accountability and entrepreneurial decision-making and want you to excel your growth and shape the future of QIAGEN.
QIAGEN is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, or disability.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
QIAGEN GmbH
Hilden, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.