Jobs by email
Hexagon Geosystems Services AG
Senior System Development Engineer (f/m/d)
Zürich
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
I'm interested
Save
About Us
Hexagon is a leading provider of digital reality solutions and employs more than 24,000 people in 50 countries. You will be part of a strong, experienced, inspiring and motivated team of experts driving the future of Hexagon. You will use and develop your skills in our highly innovative and diverse environment.
Flexible working models allow you to ideally combine work and private interests.
Committed and with passion for precision we create digital reality solutions combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies to empower a sustainable future.
Around the globe, customers from all industries rely on our smart technologies. You want to support us in engineering and implementing powerful software without losing track of your target but always staying cool? Join our team and make your visions come true!
This appeals to you
Developing real-time capable localization algorithms fusing image data with other sensors such as IMU, depth sensors, GNSS, ...
Being part of a small, lean and cross-functional team
Contributing to the development of disruptive, at the edge products like the Leica RTC360, BLK360, BLK3D, BLK2GO and BLK2FLY
Developing easy-to-use, reliable products
Contributing to sensors selection and other architectural decisions
This is you
A relevant university qualification (Master / Ph.D.) in engineering or computer science with focus on embedded FW, robotics or computer vision
A couple of years working experience in a similar role is a must
Experience in State Estimation and/or Computer Vision
Experience in embedded and modern C++ development
Experience with working on Linux systems
Experience or interest in visual and/or LiDAR SLAM, place recognition / relocalization is a plus
Experience or interest in developing a product is plus
You are fluent in speaking and writing English (main working language)
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Hexagon Geosystems Services AG
Räffelstrasse 28, 8045 Zürich, Schweiz
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.