Jobs by email
PerkinElmer Cellular Technologies Germany GmbH
Software Engineering Team Leader (m/f/d) - hybrid-work
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
The PerkinElmer Life Sciences and Diagnostics company – which is to be renamed during the second quarter of 2023 – provides end-to-end solutions that help scientists, researchers and clinicians better diagnose disease and discover new and more personalized drugs. Its dedicated team of 11,000 collaborates closely with commercial, government, academic and healthcare customers to deliver reagents, assays, instruments, automation, informatics, and strategic services that accelerate workflows, deliver actionable insights and support improved decision making. The Company is also deeply committed to good corporate citizenship through dynamic ESG and sustainability programs. The Company reported revenues of approximately $3.3 billion in 2022, serves customers in 190 countries, and is a component of the S&P 500 index.
For more than 2 decades, PerkinElmer Hamburg have been the Center of Excellence focusing on research and development for High Content Screening (HCS), Multi-Mode Detection (MMD) and integrated Automated Robotic Solutions (ARS). Here in Hamburg everything comes together. From concept to the finished products, more than 100 employees are working together to support and to contribute to PerkinElmer's mission: Innovating for a healthier world.
We are looking for a Software Engineering Team Leader (m/f/d) with fluent German and English (both written and spoken) who will lead software engineering teams in a hybrid-work environment. The position includes providing guidance to lead developers, scrum masters and team members in planning and execution of NPI, sustaining, and technology development projects to deliver products on time and with highest quality.
The responsibilities cover:
Responsibility for software development projects through all phases of the development process (planning, architecture and design, implementation, and testing); including multi-disciplinary projects.
Guide teams in adopting new tools, technologies, and processes; driving continuous improvement to increase efficiency.
Work with R&D Leadership team and Product Management on strategic plans and roadmaps for various software products; collaborate closely with aligned teams such as systems engineering and SQA.
Collaborate with other software development teams around the globe and end users to produce cutting‐edge software solutions
Set high technical standards, guiding the team on best practices and agile methodologies
Support team members in their professional development to achieve their best potential
Requirements
Degree in (technical) computer science/engineering, electrical engineering with a focus on software development or a comparable qualification
5+ years of professional experience in the field of software development; with minimum 3 years of management experience.
Proficiency in object-oriented programming using, e.g., C#, C++, Python required; additionally cloud computing, cloud platforms, JIRA, Git, Jenkins etc. would be beneficial.
Strong people leadership and management skills with focus on cross-functional collaboration
Developed communication skills with ability to influence on senior internal and external stakeholders
Analytical, planning and problem resolution skills, solution-oriented way of thinking and working
Advanced skills in using MS Office
Benefits:
Cooperative and diverse environment
Individual programs for your personal & professional development as well as career opportunities
A demanding, varied job in a globally successful technology company
AXA group and travel insurance (also for private purposes)
Family friendly culture including additional holidays for big milestones and established work from home processes.
Community responsibility, with volunteer days and corporate matching of employee charity donations.
PerkinElmer is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, or veteran status or any other characteristics protected by applicable law. PerkinElmer is committed to a culturally diverse workforce.
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
PerkinElmer Cellular Technologies Germany GmbH
Hamburg, Deutschland