Jobs by email
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
SAP IW Consultant (m/f/d)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
Vitesco Technologies is a leading international developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art powertrain technologies for sustainable mobility. With smart system solutions and components for electric, hybrid and internal combustion vehicles, Vitesco Technologies makes mobility clean, efficient and affordable. The product range includes electric drives, electronic control units, sensors and actuators, and exhaust-gas aftertreatment solutions. In 2020, Vitesco Technologies recorded sales of EUR 8 billion and employs almost 40,000 people at around 50 locations worldwide. Vitesco Technologies is headquartered in Regensburg, Germany.
Your tasks
SAP Senior Consultant (m/f/d) in the field of Warehouse Management. You are part of a global team within Vitesco Technologies IT - Business Applications with the Warehouse Management Service area of responsibility as part of an international team. This position can be filled at our locations in Regensburg, Schwalbach and Nuremberg.
Your new responsibilities:
Analysis and Consulting of complex business requirements of our internal Customers within national or international Projects based on SAP Standard solutions, SAAS Solution of various providers as well as own developed solutions
Managing IT projects on a global scale and being responsible for the Budget
Execution of software maintenance (OSS-Notes, support packages, upgrades)
Maintenance and enhancement of implemented applications throughout the complete live cycle based on the Incident and Change management process
Support Business departments (key-user and end-user) in using SAP applications
Supervise our external AMS-Provider (Application Management Support)
Responsible for internal process compliance in his area of responsibility
High degree of innovation to provide a young, agile company with the best possible integrated SAP solutions
Your profile
Academic degree in Information Technology, Business Administration or comparable qualification
Several years of work experience in SAP ERP Module IM/WM or SCM (as consultant or developer) for the areas of WM structures and strategies
Knowledge about Barcode standards, output control as well as with usage of Radio Frequency (RF) devices, ITS Mobile, RF queues and menus for WM operations
Knowledge in Extended Warehouse Management (EWM) and S/4Hana, Fiori and UI5 very desirable
Knowledge in Customizing and RFC / IDoc processing beneficial
Knowledge in ABAP and Debugging beneficial
Skills in SAP Authorization Management beneficial
Several years of project management experience desirable
Fluent German and English language skills written and spoken
Structured, analytical, strategic and independent working methods
High commitment and teamwork as well as Intercultural competencies
Willingness to travel (international) rounds off your profile
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.