Jobs by email
Infront Financial Technology
Software Engineer (Java) (m/f/d)
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About the Role
We are looking for both entry-level and experienced professionals for the position of Software Engineer - so if this is you, please read further!
Who is Infront Quant?
Our Frankfurt-based subsidiary, Infront Quant AG, is a leading FinTech/ RegTech and provider of complex quantitative solutions in the field of independent valuations and risk estimates for major international banks, wealth and asset managers, as well as insurance companies.
We focus on fair value calculations for a wide range of financial products. From plain vanilla derivatives, (illiquid) promissory bills, to complex structured products and portfolios, as well as the calculation of risk metrics in the context of multi-level scenario analyses and regulatory requirements (e.g. PRIIPs and MiFID II).
Sound exciting to you? Help us deliver an excellent customer experience to our clients and get a comprehensive insight into the financial industry!
Your tasks
Your responsibilities will include:
Design, develop and maintain software in our microservices-based valuation platforms
Close collaboration, continuous development and implementation of models and processes
Technical implementation of prototypes and production systems, especially in the areas of risk analysis, stochastic evaluations and machine learning
Designing, implementing and testing innovative new features
Writing and maintaining efficient, reusable and reliable code
Your profile
Who you are
University degree with focus on computer science, business informatics, mathematics or physics
Very good programming skills in Java, ideally also experience in Go or C#
Excellent technical communication skills, both verbal and written, especially with regards to documentation and design proposals
Experience with design and/or maintenance of complex distributed systems
Experience designing and architecting systems to meet complex requirements in the simplest and most understandable way possible
Experience with organising Spring Boot-based applications in a simple manner and removing unnecessary complexity
Motivation, openness and team spirit
Fluent German and English language skills
Ideally you also have:
Affinity for financial instruments as well as valuation methods and data science topics
Experience with GRPC, Kubernetes, Bazel, and Open Telemetry.
Experience with database and storage systems, ideally with SQL and object storage (S3/GCS/...)
What we offer
Why join Infront?
Infront Quant offers you an exciting and challenging job in the field of financial technology. We are a FinTech / RegTech with numerous institutional clients, from blue chip banks, insurance companies and pension funds to leading asset managers.
You will be part of an international, active social environment with friendly, helpful and highly skilled colleagues. As part of a company that values technological and professional innovation, you will have the opportunity for personal development and a fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment! We have an informal and relaxed culture based on mutual trust, respect and collaboration.
What you can expect:
Exciting projects in an innovative and international environment with cutting-edge models and new technologies that are unique in Europe
Professional working culture and environment with start-up character in the mantle of an established company
Freedom for own ideas as well as professional and personal development
A team-oriented and dynamic working environment
Flat hierarchies with very good career opportunities
Flexible working hours and state-of-the-art equipment
Additional benefits:
Card for local public transport - JobTicket
Attractive bicycle leasing conditions - JobRad
Capital-forming benefits
Company pension plan
Company discounts/benefits
Investment in continuous further learning & development
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Infront Financial Technology
60327 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland