Jobs by email
BioNTech SE
Validation Engineer* Digital Solutions Quality Control
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
Become a member of the BioNTech Family!
As a part of our team of more than 4.000 pioneers, you will play a key role in developing solutions for some of the most crucial scientific challenges of our age. Within less than a year, we were able to develop our COVID-19 mRNA vaccine following the highest scientific and ethical standards - writing medical history.
We aim to reduce the suffering of people with life-changing therapies by harnessing the potential of the immune system to develop novel therapies against cancer and infectious diseases. While doing so, we are guided by our three company values: united, innovative, passionate. Get in touch with us if you are looking to be a part of creating hope for a healthy future in many people's lives.
Your tasks
The Digital Solutions Quality Control Team is responsible for the design, implementation and operation of computerized systems that support the processes of BioNTech's pharmaceutical quality control units (e.g. LIMS, Scientific Data Management Systems, chromatography systems). For these important projects the Digital Solutions Quality Control team is looking for the support of a Validation Engineer to be the focal point for computerized systems validation activities in an excellent cross functional team.
Your main responsibilities are:
* Maintain oversight of validation activities and traceability from initial change requests to final validation reports
* Management and tracking of testing activities
* Validation related stakeholder management (site QA, Process Owner, System Owner, etc.)
* Coordination of validation activities in cooperation with project management
* Creation of validation plans and reports in coordination with the validation department
* Creation of test plans, test reports
* Preparation and moderation of risk analysis workshops
* Management and tracking of Validation Documents
Your profile
What you have to offer:
* Master's degree in computer science or life science with at least 3 years of relevant experience in pharmaceutical industry
* Strong knowledge of regulatory requirements on computerized systems originating from CFR 21 Part 11, EU GMP Annex 11, etc.
* Experienced with the planning and execution of Computer System Validation projects
* Experienced with implementation and operation of laboratory systems in the pharmaceutical quality control area
* Experienced with LabWare LIMS is beneficial
* Very good pharma and biotechnology process knowledge
* Motivation to work in a supportive team
* Strong communication and management skills
* Structured and precise way of working
* German and English language knowledge
What we offer
Benefits for you.
Company Pension Scheme
Childcare
Jobticket
Company Bike
Leave Account
Fitness Courses
Mobile Office
Special Vacation
... and much more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BioNTech SE
55131 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.