Jobs by email
Dornier Seawings GmbH
IT Networkadministrator (m/w/d)
Be an early applicant
Weßling
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Join us at Dornier Seawings, manufacturer of the world’s most advanced amphibious aircraft.
Speed, comfort, safety and reliability – fusing to a new form of traveling. The Seastar is the fastest (flying)boat in the marina and meets highest economical standards of the 21st century. With its minor infrastructure required, the Seastar can be operated from real CO2 neutral airports – the water – featuring unlimited runways.
Dornier Seawings is a thriving Start-up in the amphibious aircraft segment, building all composite airframe flying boats with a secured funding of over USD 300 million from Chinese investors. We are a highly energetic and ambitious team, who value outstanding talent, serious creativity and elaborate innovation.
IT Networkadministrator (m/w/d)
Your day to day:
Daily user support (IT Helpdesk)
User administration (groups, users, permissions, etc…) in line with company guidelines
Assessment of infrastructure on a regular basis to ensure it meets necessary demands
Updates and Maintenance of office applications (e.g. Windows 365, MS Office, etc…)
Daily management and monitoring of IT infrastructure.
IT related installation of hardware & software, including end user training.
Coordination and management of external service providers
IT project implementation.
Further detailed responsibilities under network administration include: Firewall, VPN, DHCP, Traffic Control, VLAN, NAT, White/Blacklisting, Connection to other buildings, Switch Management, Printer Management, WLAN, VoIP, Network Monitoring, E-Mail Traffic (Quarantine)
Backup/Restore IT system
Requirements
Completed vocational training in the IT environment or a comparable qualification as well as solid professional experience.
Very good knowledge of the Microsoft product family (Windows, Office, Teams, Active Directory)
Very good Knowledge of hardware, network and communication technology, IT security
Experience in the use of modern ERP software such as D365 or SAP as well as a production management system desirable
Good communication skills as well as a high service/employee orientation and the ability to work in a team
Very Good knowledge of German and English, both written and spoken
Experience with VMware maintenance
Experience with backup and recovery systems, familiarity HPDP and tape library is a plus
What we offer you:
Collaboration in a fast-growing, international aviation company
Flexible working hours
Induction with mentors/ Welcome Buddys
Home office possible
Work clothes
Sabbatical
Additional leave
Educational leave
Canteen subsidies
Nursery School at the airport
A varied and dynamic work environment with plenty of room for your own ideas
Good public transportconnections (S-Bahn S8 Neugilching / Weßling + bus), Motorway
A96
The Sky is Not the Limit – JOIN US!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Dornier Seawings GmbH
Claude-Dornier-Straße 1, 82234 Weßling, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -