Jobs by email
Synapticon GmbH
Head / Team Lead of Software Development (m/f/d)
Schönaich
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
HACKING THE PHYSICS AND ECONOMICS OF MOTION CONTROL WITH DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY
 At Synapticon we’re reshaping the world of motion control for robotics and machinery at the point of motion.
The company introduces an entirely new approach to motion axes by integrating formerly discrete components, such as motors, drives, sensors and gearboxes into seamless units and digitizing performance and quality factors that are so far dependent on costly mechanical manufacturing. Innovation leaders around the world choose to work with Synapticon to path their way into the future of intelligent, motion control-related systems. 
Be part of it, join Synapticon!
Your mission
We are looking for an engineering lead to guide our software and firmware departments to successfully deliver our roadmap and delight our customers. This role covers two main categories of responsibility:
Managing, planning and execution of the software and firmware roadmaps
Recruiting new employees to build your team as well as managing, developing  and growing your team members
You will take very high-level requirements and break them down into work packages that you schedule with the help of your team. This isn't solely a managing position; you'll need to help with architecture design and guide engineers with technical questions as they arise. You will become an expert at servo drive functionality across the industry. You will need to understand the balance between impact in the market and resources required at the technical level. To be efficient, you will need to identify roadblocks before they matter, and help smash them down.
Beyond the technical, you will lead, motivate, and develop Engineering specialists in your department as well as recruiting new employees to build an excellent, high-performing development team! You will help grow and support the department culture and define processes when needed to keep everything running smoothly.
Your profile
You have a strong practical background in firmware or software development. This gives you an instinctive understanding on how to identify inefficiencies and to optimise the processes. You deeply understand Agile development and have a record of tailoring internal processes to take advantage of the benefits.
Experience in a leadership role with people management responsibility is essential. You understand the importance of working with your team of experts to boost great ideas. Driving initiatives and finding solutions that help your team and your department is what motivates you beyond your people management responsibility.
You are independent, proactive, and communicate well with people. 
Although you really enjoy writing code, you wish to build something bigger than you could possibly do by yourself. You love getting into the technical weeds and thinking about how everything could be better. You are able to hold large complex systems in your head, and help others reason about them.
You are independent, proactive, and communicate well with everyone.
Benefits
0 days paid vacation
Full time (40 hours/per week), permanent contract
Company pension plan
We offer the possibility of working from home (if desired)
Flexible working hours when life life gets in the way 
Annual performance and salary negotiations to align your compensation with your professional success
  Company support for gym memberships provided by Qualitrain
Job bike to get to work healthy and fit
Birthday vouchers
Drinks and coffee (free of charge, of course)
Daily snacks and fruits for all employees and breakfast every Monday
Regular global team building events such as boot camps, skiing and a BBQ every Friday in summer. Spouses and children are welcome to join the BBQ on Fridays
  An international team with lots of opportunities for career advancement
Highly competent colleagues who are experts in their field and happy to help you to learn and to grow
Modern office facilities with lounge and football table 
The beautiful countryside around the office at our location in Schönaich with nice transport connections
Shared apartment (WG) upon to availability
Visa sponsorship, if required
  Interested? We look forward to receiving your application. 
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Synapticon GmbH
Daimler Str 26, 71101 Schönaich, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Company mobile phone
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates