Jobs by email
Uniper
Manager Audit Cyber Security (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
Our Internal Audit team in Düsseldorf is looking for YOU!!!
Delivering assurance and advice wherever the business goes. By providing risk-oriented and independent views, we as Internal Audit support continuous improvement across Uniper's existing and new businesses. In Internal Audit, we are committed to people development and offer opportunities from training to cross-segment working. Along your personal path, we'll give you all the support you need to manage evolving challenges and prepare yourself for future ambitions. You will be part of an international high profile team with the unique opportunity to gain oversight of the whole company - in Germany as well as in other international locations of Uniper. You will experience interacting with stakeholders at all levels across the business and working in a diverse team with colleagues having different professional backgrounds.
As a Manager Audit Cyber Security you will:
Plan, prepare and conduct audit services with focus on Cyber Security and IT across all business areas of Uniper
Analyse and evaluate organizational structures, business processes and procedures, associated risks and the control environment
Develop recommendations / corrective measures together with the business to improve effectiveness and efficiency of IT and Information Security processes and structures
Create easy to read and precise audit reports and formulate improvement potentials concisely
Present and report your audit services results to the relevant management
Strengthen the reliable and trustful cooperation with relevant stakeholders
Support the annual audit planning process
Your profile
Your main task is to carry out audits and advisory services with regards to Cyber Security. Specifically, we are looking for a curious and motivated person for our dynamic team who supports us and wants to develop within Uniper.
The candidate should have:
Excellent university degree, e.g. in Computer Science, Information Security, Engineering, Network Technology or comparable qualification
Several years of relevant professional experience in IT and Information Security (IT as well as OT), IT Risk Management, Cyber Defense or comparable
Ideally knowledge of assessing or implementing regulatory requirements such as BSI-KritisV, ITSiG, relevant standards like ISO/IEC 27001, BSI Grundschutz, ISA99, COBIT
Experience in Audit and relevant certifications such as CISA, CRISC, CISM or ISO 27001 Lead Auditor are an advantage
Critical, analytical, and process-oriented thinking, entrepreneurial mindset, and professional curiosity
Team player with cooperative work style who is sensitive to diversity and supports inclusion
Willingness to travel also abroad due to international assignments
Fluent in written and spoken English, ideally in other languages e.g. German, Swedish
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work. We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40212 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.