Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Infrastructure Process Manager (f/m/d)
Essen, Berlin, Frankfurt am Main, Hamburg, Hannover, Köln, München, Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Fixed Term | Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a changemaker (f/m/d) and join our team as a(n) Infrastructure Process Manager (f/m/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Your task
Responsibilities
You are responsible for the implementation and steering of the Service Management framework and the ITIL processes for Infrastructure Services
You collaborate with the IT Service Owner of Infrastructure Services on all matters regarding the processes and the operational framework
You support to continuously improve the process to develop the Service Management framework, the processes and to manage feedback
You collaborate with the IT Service Owner to define tool requirements and enable process automation where possible
You actively contribute in communities as Infrastructure Process Expert for different processes
You are responsible for stakeholder management on all levels and act as the interface of Infrastructure Services for all topics concerning ITIL processes and the operational framework
You assist Infrastructure Services Operational teams on managing process escalations and requests
You define, implement and monitor process KPI's to measure performance (e.g. acceptance or breaches) and to actively manage divergences (e.g. increase of incident backlog)
You actively foster knowledge exchange and team building as part of an international team
Your profile
Qualifications
University degree in Information Technology or similar
Previous experience working within Service Management and/or IT Infrastructure
ITIL V3 or 4 certificated
Knowledge and experience of Agile methodology
Experience of ServiceNow is an advantage
Business and value focused attitude
Self-contained working, flexibility and high willingness of personal development
Strong communication and networking skills to collaborate with stakeholders at all management levels
Willingness to travel and work in a virtual team
Experience in multicultural working environment
Business fluent in German and English
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.