Jobs by email
Edenred Deutschland GmbH
Data Base Administrator (m/w/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Edenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work, connecting over 50 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 46 countries via roughly 900,000 corporate clients.
Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits), incentives (such as gift cards, employee engagement platforms), mobility (such as multi-energy, maintenance, toll, parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).
True to the Group’s purpose, “Enrich connections. For good.”, these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency, and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food, more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.
Edenred’s 10,000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer, more efficient and more responsible every day.
In 2021, thanks to its global technology assets, the Group managed close to €30 billion in business volume, primarily carried out via mobile applications, online platforms and cards.
Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CACNext 20, CAC Large 60, Euronext 100, FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.
We are looking for you as a Data Base Administrator (m/f/d) in full-time at our location in Munich!
As part of the company’s digital transformation, we are looking for a SQL Server DBA, to be a member of the local Team, responsible for the implementation, configuration, maintenance, and performance review of critical SQL Server RDBMS systems.
Does that sound exciting to you? Then we are looking for you to strengthen our team and look forward to your application!
Your tasks:
Manage on-premise database environments to deliver services that meet the SLA with internal & external customers
Configure and maintain database servers and processes
Work with Project Managers, Application, and Architecture teams to plan and implement database improvement projects
Involve in database migration projects. This includes planning, managing, and updating the respective teams on the status of the projects
Perform troubleshooting on any SQL related issues
Support and maintain data and database systems performance to meet business delivery specifications and needs
Refine and automate regular processes, track issues, and document changes
Ensure all IT assets comply to corporate security policies
Leverage industry best practices in IT Service Management (ITIL), promote a quality customer support and service culture to achieve operational excellence and customer satisfaction
Your profile:
Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science/Information Technology or relevant discipline
3+ years of experience as a SQL Server DBA in a production environment
3+ years of experience with databases used in high-volume, On-Premise and/or Cloud-based web solutions
3+ years of experience with Windows server, including Active Directory
Hands-on experience in configuring, managing and troubleshooting Windows Cluster, SQL FCI Cluster, SQL Always On Availability Group Cluster
Hands-on experience in configuring and managing database activities such as backup/restore databases, creating SQL accounts, creating SQL agent jobs and setting up database replications
Hands-on experience in Azure Cloud is a plus
Microsoft certification (Azure/Database) is an advantage
Sound troubleshooting skills, analytical thinking, pro-active mindset, able to work both independently and as part of a global team
Strong in communication and organization, be able to prioritize task and re-prioritize constantl
High interest in growing database architecture, design, implementation, and support expertise
Prior experience or will to learn additional database engines (such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, Cosmos DB, etc.)
Fluent English and German skills (spoken and written)
We offer you:
A virtual welcome week plus a comprehensive and cordial induction by our subject matter experts and HR in compliance with the corresponding COVID-19 hygiene regulations at the Munich office
An excellent working atmosphere and confidence in your skills
A range field of experience with creative freedom
Personal and professional development opportunities
Access to the online learning opportunities of Edenred Digital University
Flexible working hours in coordination with your team
The technical equipment for participating in mobile work
Colleagues full of ideas, on eyelevel
Family start-up atmosphere despite continuous growth
Modern offices with very good accessibility (public transport such as bus and subway)
Attractive benefits such as:
Meal allowance
Monthly benefits in kind
Occupational retirement provision
Job Leasing Bike
30 days’ vacation
Coffee & Tea flat rate and water dispenser
Regular employee and team events
A bike for your lunchbreak
Apply now and Vibe with Us!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Edenred Deutschland GmbH
Claudius-Keller-Straße 3C, 81669 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.