Jobs by email
Sinch Germany GmbH
Technical Support Analyst - Level 1
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Description
Sinch is a global leader in the growing market for Communication Platforms as a Service (CPaaS) and mobile customer engagement. We are specialists in allowing businesses to reach everyone on the planet, in seconds or less, through mobile messaging, email, voice, and video.
With presence in more than 50 countries, whether you know us or not, you’ve definitely used our tech. We reach every phone on earth, with over 147 billion conversations every year.
Sinch's core values are Make it Happen, Dream Big, Keep it Simple and Win Together. These values describe how our global organization works and inspire every of our more than 3,000 employees across 55 different countries.
Role and Responsibilities
The Technical Support Analyst - Level 1 provides an outstanding support experience for our customers.
We are looking for a proactive, communicative person who likes to be hands-on and wants to be a key player in the growth of the business. This professional will be responsible for:
Support Sinch platforms and applications
Be dedicated to providing exceptional customer service
Investigate problems and provide creative solutions to several kinds of issues
Interact with our clients to solve their problems
Perform triage, root cause analysis, debugging and troubleshooting across our messaging platforms
Lead and participate in customer facing calls helping to communicate progress updates, action plans, and resolution details
Document procedures and share the knowledge with the team
Requirements
Fluency in English and German – additional languages are a plus
Minimum 2 years of experience as Technical Support B2B
Experience with the issue tracker Jira
Knowledge in Office Package
A real passion for and proven experience of supporting technology across multiple platforms
Experience with telephone assistance, chat and ticket for a SaaS \ Tech company
Big Plus!
Knowledge of Whatsapp APIs and chatbots
Experience in interpreting technical logs
Conflict management skills and emotional intelligence
Benefits
Sinch is a global company composed of people from different countries and cultures. Our bene-fits adjust regionally to support employees and help them to thrive in every stage of life. We offer valuable benefits and resources, including health and life insurance, a flexible work environment, retirement savings plans, and more.
Our Hiring Process:
In Sinch, we are committed to following a recruitment process that is fair, objective, consistent, and non-discriminatory. Our Talent Acquisition team, together with hiring managers and the rest of the interviewing team, persistently work towards identifying the candidates that best fit each open job, based on Sinch’ s hiring needs and candidates’ career expectations.
We encourage applications from strong candidates with relevant professional backgrounds for this role. Not all applicants will meet all job requirements exactly! Even if you do not meet all job requirements, don't let that stop you from considering Sinch for the next step in your career. We are always open to candidates that could bring new ideas and perspectives to Sinch!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €