Jobs by email
DIEHL Metering GmbH
Senior Cloud Engineer (m/f/d)
Ansbach, Nürnberg , Saint Louis (Frankreich) or Bażanowice (Polen)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
AT DIEHL: THE FUTURE IS IN YOUR HANDS!
More than 16,000 employees are currently shaping the engineering of the future in our five Corporate Divisions Metall, Controls, Defence, Aviation and Metering. Diehl Metering concentrates the expertise of powerful players in the metering industry. Our intelligent solutions for energy data management help our partners all over the world to use natural resources and energy efficiently and sensibly. Apply at Diehl and join hands with fascinating technologies and a unique corporate tradition of stability and trust.
For our site Diehl Metering GmbH in Ansbach, Nuremberg (both Germany), Saint Louis (France) or Bażanowice (Poland) we are looking for a:
Senior Cloud Engineer (m/f/d)
Your contribution to our success:
You are technologically re­spons­ible for new and ex­ist­ing cloud products and ser­vices – tak­ing in­to ac­count an end-to-end per­spect­ive and the stra­tegic ob­ject­ives.
You are re­spons­ible for the solu­tion / ser­vice ar­chi­tec­ture dur­ing the life cycle.
You are knowledge carrier (m/f/d) for cur­rent meth­ods, tech­niques and pos­sib­il­it­ies in the cloud en­vir­on­ment.
You se­lect and man­age ex­tern­al ser­vice pro­viders.
You un­der­stand and dis­cuss cus­tom­er re­quire­ments and identi­fy suit­able cloud solu­tions / ser­vices.
You de­vel­op, im­ple­ment, op­tim­ize and pro­to­type cloud-based ser­vices / solu­tions. In ad­di­tion, you mon­it­or the re­search com­munity to ap­ply re­cent tech­no­lo­gic­al changes for cus­tom­er re­quire­ments.
You are re­spons­ible for the de­vel­op­ment and op­tim­iz­a­tion of con­tinu­ous in­teg­ra­tion and de­ploy­ment pipelines.
You en­hance ex­ist­ing cloud ser­vices and cre­ate new ones.
You are re­spons­ible for build­ing bridges between the cloud- and on-premises-sys­tems.
Your contribution to our team:
You have successfully completed a university degree as business information scientist or in computer science. 
You bring broad professional knowledge in cloud environments (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS).
You possess relevant professional expertise in cloud platforms (Microsoft Azure, AWS).
You enjoy several years of practical experience in the design, operation, and support of IT cloud solutions; international (project) management practice is a plus.
You own an analytical, conceptual, results-oriented working style and high team skills.
You show an agile way of thinking and acting paired with open, cooperative communication skills.
You speak fluent English and have good language skills in German, Polish or French.
Remote work is possible, but work on site is also required (50/50).
Our possible benefits:
Flexible working hours
Onboarding program
Internal trainings
Work from home
Professional and personal development
Company mobile and laptop
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates