Jobs by email
SMS digital GmbH
(Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/w/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
SMS digital GmbH
SMS digital GmbH is a leading provider of digital solutions in the metal industry. Since 2016 we develop innovative software solutions in the field of cloud computing to push digitalization forward. As a digital subsidiary of SMS group GmbH, the market leader in plant and mechanical engineering, we benefit from state-of-the-art development methods, metallurgical process know-how and technological expertise. Our goal is to optimize the entire value chain sustainable.
Do you want to revolutionize the metal industry with us? Then this is the right place for you.
  (Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/w/d)
YOU ACT
Definition and development of automation platforms
Automation and deployment of Kubernetes clusters in cloud and on-prem environments
Operate Kubernetes cluster (backup, monitoring, cost management)
Build and maintain CI/CD deployment pipelines using Git, Jenkins, Ansible
Build and maintain monitoring and alerting systems
Support our SMS developer teams mainly in BR, DE, LUX, IN, US, CN
Passion for digital delivery and working in global teams / Deploy and run digital infrastructure services for our customer globally
YOU KNOW
University degree with focus on information technology, computer science or a business IT specialist or completed a training as an IT specialist - focus system integration or a comparable qualification and sound practical experience of several years
Experience working with cloud environments (AWS; Alibaba, Yandex, etc.)
Practical experience in operation DevOps and CICD
Knowledge of scripting languages / fundamentals in programming (Groovy/Java, Bash, Shell, Python)
Solid experience with IT networks is desirable
Willingness to leave your comfort zone and try new ways
Fluent English is required, German language skills are desirable 
WE CONVINCE
As an innovative and international employer, we offer you a performance-oriented salary package and the opportunity to achieve the ideal family/work life balance, e.g. with our in-house children's daycare center, flexible working hour models, and homeworking options. Click here to learn more about the benefits of working for SMS digital.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
SMS digital GmbH
Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.