Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
MB.OS Automotive Software Developer Device Cloud MTTF (Managed Test Target Farm) (w/m/d)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: MER000266K
Aufgaben
As part of Research and Development Mercedes-Benz Cars we design the future of our automotive generations. With our Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and agile software development processes, we are already developing innovations that will safeguard our technology leadership in the future.
Our center takes care of the integration of all ECUs and their SW components into the overall vehicle. With our department we contribute significantly with tools and end-to-end solutions for the automation of testing, integration and validation tasks. Through consistent automation of the overall vehicle integration with current software technologies and DevOps principles, we achieve a considerable reduction in the cycle and feedback times in the development process.
In the MTTF team we are focusing on test automation and consistent analysis capability - from the individual SW module within an ECU to the entire vehicle. Therefore we have created some highly innovative systems that we now want to scale to the entire vehicle with your contribution. Our MTTF device cloud already enables the fully automated use of various ECUs in CI/CD processes and allows developers and testers to work with real HW and telemetry data from any location in the world.
We make sure to continuously improve and reduce manual steps wherever possible. It is important for us to break new ground and to question the status quo.
These exciting tasks are waiting for you:
Implementation of the vehicle ECUs’ integration into the device cloud and their automotive test requirements
SW development as part of an agile Scrum team in close exchange with other development teams
Further design of the growing SW architecture and individual components of our device cloud
Application of basic technologies for managing the device cloud, CI/CD and test automation
Use of state-of-the-art CI/CD and TDD principles for continuous deliveries
Taking responsibility for SRE and DevOps tasks in specific areas of the Device Cloud
Continuous expansion, improvement and refactoring of the existing system
Collaboration with many colleagues and partners from various development projects
Become part of our team and bring tomorrow's innovations into series production!
Qualifikationen
Ideally, you should bring the following skills and experiences with you:
Academics degree in computer science or comparable courses with focus on software
Knowledge of standards in the automotive environment (SecOC, SOME/IP, DoIP, CAN, ...)
Capabilities with tools in the automotive environment (Vector Toolchain, DTS.monaco, ...)
Skills in SW development and DevOps tools and technologies (Python, Node.js, Linux, Docker, …)
Project experience in agile SW development, CI/CD processes and test automation
Advanced analytical skills and an independent, structured and goal-oriented approach
Great communication and team skills as well as intercultural competence
High self-motivation for continuous learning & improvement
Fluency in English and basic level of German
You don't bring exactly everything with you? Don't worry, we are looking for people who really want to innovate and are eager to learn and grow continuously!
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.