Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software Architect at the Software Campus (m/f/d)
Schwieberdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Schwieberdingen
Your tasks
We are the Software Campus. Our passion is software and our mission is to drive software excellence at Bosch. Would you like to join us in shaping a modern software culture at Bosch? We encourage your commitment with a softwarefriendly work culture, opportunities for personal growth, modern working conditions and a network of outstanding software experts.
Your passion for software and software architecture characterizes products in our Automotive Electronics division as well as in our partner areas.
You bring your expertise in a start-up-like environment, consult others and getting involved yourself. You use modern software development methods and consider the impact of the SW architecture over the entire life cycle.
You support various areas of automotive electronics as well as other partners on software architecture topics and achieve an impact through conviction. You conduct structured reviews of SW architectures, comparing the architecture drivers with the business objectives.
You solve technical challenges and take responsibility for achieving the architectural objectives.
Your profile
Education: University degree (Master/Diploma) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or a comparable course of study
Qualification: Bosch-certified software architect training (PE-SWA) is an advantage
Personality: Software is your passion. You feel comfortable in a start-up culture. You see changes as an opportunity.
Mode of operation: 
You are able to apply processes and best practices to
enable cross-functional collaboration.
You have an agile mindset and are able to inspire others
for it.
You work and communicate in a structured and
systematic manner.
You have the ability to identify important topics as well as
tasks and focus on them.
You can abstract and simplify complex issues
Experience and knowledge: 
In-depth knowledge of SW architectures for embedded
systems, preferably with automotive knowledge
Functional safety
Security Engineering
Requirements Engineering
UML, AUTOSAR
Experience with C++ and C is an advantage
You are familiar with various SW development methods in classic and agile environments and have ideally already gained initial practical experience as a team member in an agile software development project.
Enthusiasm: Software is your passion. You are actively involved in the development and further development of our division. In addition, you would like to work in an international team and would like to develop personally and professionally.
Languages: Very good command of spoken and written English. Good knowledge of German or willingness to learn German promptly.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Straße 2, 71701 Schwieberdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.