Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
SOAR Engineer (m/f/d)
Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
Join the MMS Cyber Security team in our quest to deliver world-class Cyber Security resilience in an international environment. Our team values a supportive atmosphere with a passion for developing, where you can earn recognition, trust, and loyalty by improving our Cyber Security state. At the same time, we put a specific emphasis on work-life balance, wellbeing, and the opportunity to operate in diverse and inclusive environment. To that extent, working hours can be split between on premise and work-from-home setup. 
Your tasks
Development of internal anomaly and attack defenses (incident response) 
Analysis and adaptation of interfaces to other services, together with the supplying IT service and platform teams 
Evaluate security incident response workflow (playbook) requirements with cyber defense analysts and customers 
Design and implementation of playbook requirements in the SOAR environment 
Conception and development of playbook automations for time and risk reduction during attack detection 
Collaboration in projects in the security environment with the use of agile project methods (Scrum, Kanban) 
Requirements
Degree in Information Technology, Business Informatics and/or Law or equivalent degree 
Profound knowledge in a SOAR platform 
Excellent knowledge of programming languages like Python  
Experience in GCP, Azure, Data Center architecture 
Ability to recognize automation potential and simplify processes 
Fluent in English
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. When you are ready to learn more about us, just drop us your application right below!
Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Ingolstadt, Deutschland