Jobs by email
Continental AG
Senior Consultant SAP S/4Hana SD/TM (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The ContiTech group sector develops and manufactures, for example, cross-material, environmentally friendly and intelligent products and systems for the automotive industry, railway engineering, mining, agriculture and other key industries. Guided by the vision of "smart and sustainable solutions beyond rubber," the group sector draws on its long-standing knowledge of the industry and materials to open up new business opportunities by combining various materials with electronic components and individual services.
Ihre Aufgaben
ContiTech, a division of Continental, is one of the world's leading suppliers of technical elastomer products and is a specialist in plastics technology. ContiTech develops and produces functional parts, components, and systems for machine and plant engineering, mining, the automotive industry, and other important industries. Our Hannover (Germany) location is seeking a Senior Consultant SAP S/4Hana SD/TM (m/f/diverse) to join our team. The management of ContiTech has made the decision to embark on a long-term project to transform its current fragmented business processes and IT systems into a new standardized set of harmonized process and master data and run on the new SAP S4 Hana ERP platform. For this purpose, we are looking for an experienced consultant (m/f/diverse) for the SAP modules sales & distribution and transportation management at our ContiTech site in Hanover. Are you ready to shape the future with us?
In this position your tasks and responsibilities will be:
Designing and developing solutions aligned with CKU concepts and standards in SAP S4/Hana SD/TM to fulfill the requirements of the different customers within local, business unit and divisional ContiTech
Designing, developing, and maintaining:
an overall system architecture that supports overall business processes
an overall change and incident management process to support the business in the use of our IT systems
Supporting the business to develop and maintain the master data concept
Providing necessary feedback to CKU organization on key impacts of master data on SAP configuration
Serving as a SD/TM related consultant (m/f/diverse) to CKU's and business leaders as to the capabilities and efforts for implementation
Staying on top of IT trends and new functionality to help educate the CKU and business organization on what is possible with new releases and eco system tools
Maintaining and managing the overall project tasks related to SD/TM aligned with the overall project plan
Managing the external vendor supplied resource related to SD/TM ensuring quality of work, approval of all solutions, and alignment of solutions to divisional standards
Ihr Profil
Bachelor's degree in information technology, business administration or equivalent
Several years of related professional experience required
Experience in managing SAP projects
Experience in SAP configuration for SD and TM
Basic knowledge of all related SAP modules
Knowledge of ABAP programming language is beneficial
Intercultural sensitivity
Willingness to travel (20%)
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Unser Angebot
Immediate benefits
Paid time off
Tuition & employee discounts
Annual bonus
Employer 401(k) match
And more benefits that come with working for a global industry leader!
You would like to learn more about our additional services? Click here.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Hannover, Deutschland