Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Program Management Operational Excellence and Change Communications (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002576_EN
Tasks
In Group Research & Mercedes-Benz Cars Development (RD) we design the automobile generations of the future. By this, we mean innovative products of the highest quality and efficient development processes. We are already working on vehicles that will continue to secure the technological leadership of the Mercedes-Benz Group in the future.
The division of the Chief Software Officer (RD-CSO) is responsible for the development of the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS). MB.OS forms the central nervous system of our vehicles and is the decisive success factor for digital innovations. The Mercedes-Benz car software includes all digital features from autonomous driving to navigation and entertainment to voice control. As part of the RD leadership program "Leadership to Excellence" (L2X), we have launched the initiative Operational Excellence that will improve our capabilities in software and E/E hardware development. All related trainings, activities, coachings, and maturity assessments will be driven by one central team.
The position “Program Manager Operational Excellence and Change Communications” contributes to a state of Operational Excellence at RD-CSO and the matrix organization MB.OS. including:
Acquiring all required capabilities in lean & agile and cooperate with leading industry experts, followed by a lasting train-the-trainer concept
Transforming the way we work and deliver software & E/E hardware and providing a playbook as frame for our work @MB.OS
Redesigning processes, methods and tools (e.g. driven by value stream mapping)
The most relevant responsibilities of this function are:
Lead the program management for Trainings in the area of Operational Excellence (e.g. Scrum Trainings, Problem Solving trainings, etc)
Develop training content and offering based on the current maturity of the organization
Own and steer the roll-out of trainings and activities to create change within RD-CSO and the matrix organization MB.OS
Project management for Operational Excellence Initiative, incl. management of stakeholder alignment and integration of initiative into overarching transformation programs
Take responsibility for the change communication and MB.OS knowledge base
Ensure a targeted communication for Operational Excellence, including its tangible and in-tangible effects
Further, develop the change communication strategy and lead targeted communication measures like newsletters, dialog events, Social Intranet, etc
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
Industrial engineering/-, business psychology, business administration, innovation or project management, engineering courses such as computer science/software development or similar
Several years of professional experience and a good overview within the group
Good handling of MS Office, especially MS Power Point, Outlook, Teams and Excel, handling of BI tools
Ability to work in a team, confident demeanor, analytical and strategic thinking
Quick familiarization with complex topics, interest in future technologies
Ahigh degree of initiative and willingness to perform
Very good knowledge of spoken and written German and English
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.