Jobs by email
Kühne + Nagel (AG & Co.) KG
Junior IT Specialist (m/f/d) Global IT Infrastructure
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Join us as new Junior IT Specialist (m/f/d) Global IT Infrastructure in our team!
As a key link between the infrastructure, the other supply units and the business units, you will optimize the existing governance and customer-oriented business processes.
Your tasks
Accelerate your career and take over responsibility for Information Security and IT Service Management 
Working with a cross-cultural and international team with a focus on Security processes, Governance, and Client-oriented services
Coordinate Security related services and activities between the supply units (IT Infrastructure, IT Products, IT Services)
Be part of the Information Security Community at Kuehne + Nagel
Your profile
Academic degree, ideally in business informatics, IT management, or equivalent education/skills
Interest in Information Security processes, consultancy, and governance frameworks
Interest in security standards like ISO 27001
Interest in IT process design and consultancy
Great working knowledge of MS Office suite
High service orientation, team-oriented work style, and good communication skills
Fluent in German and in English
What we offer
We want you to feel comfortable in your working surroundings. Therefore, we are offering you modern offices, hybrid working arrangement, flexible working hours, a subsidized job ticket for the public transportation as well as a canteen with a broad range of menus. Kuehne+Nagel is offering you a custom-made career – through individual planning and supervisors who support and advise you in every way. Personally, you get supported by a lot of work-life-balance offerings, a company pension and a supplementary health insurance.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Kühne + Nagel (AG & Co.) KG
20457 Hamburg, Deutschland