Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Junior Managers Program – Information Technology – Traineeprogramm (f/m/div.)
Gerlingen-Schillerhöhe
Entry level / trainee
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Gerlingen-Schillerhöhe
Your tasks
As an Information Technology JMP, you focus on intelligent IT solutions.
In 12-24 months, you transition through various stations at home and abroad. You drive the networking and development of digital business models with regard to global IT infrastructure, cloud technologies, app development, use of customer-oriented platforms, and software solutions. At the heart of our work is the Bosch IoT ecosystem.
Together with us, you will lay the foundation for your future as a leader. For us, leadership means continuously advancing yourself and other people, influencing existing processes, and thus achieving challenging, entrepreneurial, and meaningful goals.
What awaits you:
Flexible starting date all year round and a permanent employment contract
Individual program length and design your program in agile product areas, corporate start-ups, or classic line organizations with a wide range of workshops and trainings
One station abroad worldwide within the Bosch Group
Preparation for a global management role with your personal career mentor from top-management within Bosch
Complement your practical experience with a variety of learning and training methods, for which you have an individual budget
Benefit from the network and experience of your personal mentor at management level
Your profile
Personality: You are enthusiastic about solutions relating to information technology. In addition, you are also interested in entrepreneurial relationships. You enjoy inspiring other people. You see courage, openness, tolerance, and mindfulness as desirable attitudes.
Background: You have completed your master’s or diploma degree in (business) computer science, (technical) business administration, industrial engineering or comparable, above average. Your focus is on topics such as cloud technologies, IoT, software and/or data analytics. Maybe you have already gained an MBA, PhD or first professional experience.
Experience and know-how: You have at least three months of international experience and have gained practical experience through relevant internships in the software or I(o)T environment, also in medium-sized companies or start-ups. Programming is not a foreign word for you. You have knowledge of BIG-DATA solutions, SAP solutions, HTML5, .net, Java, XML and web services at best. You have very good command of the English and German languages.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Platz 1, 70839 Gerlingen-Schillerhöhe, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.