Jobs by email
Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum DKFZ
Medical Informatics Scientist (m/f/d)
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
The German Cancer Re­search Center is the largest bio­medi­cal re­search insti­tu­tion in Germany. With more than 3,000 employees, we operate an exten­sive scien­tific program in the field of cancer research.
The Division of Medical Image Computing is seeking a Medical Informatics Scientist.
(Ref-No. 2023-0110)
The Division of Medical Image Computing (MIC) pioneers research in machine learning and information processing, with the particular aim of improving cancer patient care by systematic image data analytics. Working in the highly dynamic and exciting area between AI, medical research, cloud techno­logies and state-of-the-art software develop­ment, we are seeking a motivated computer scientist or software engineer to join our team.
Job description:
You will be part of an inter­disciplinary and vibrant research team that is developing a diverse range of state-of-the-art methodo­logies and soft­ware compo­nents for the nationwide Radiological Cooperative Network (RACOON), part of the Network University Medicine (NUM). Within RACOON, the MIC team develops a technical infra­structure together with partners from academia and industry to enable federated AI research in radiology across all university hospitals in Germany.
Working in this project you have the opportunity to dive into medical image computing appli­cations, federated machine learning mecha­nisms, cloud technologies and IT security topics.
Your responsibilities include the following:
Join the design and software develop­ment team of our technology platform for RACOON and collaborate with researchers and physicians all over Germany.
Shape and create intelligent technologies to improve our distributed and federated platform for medical image analysis.
Investigate and develop concepts for research data exchange and integration within the clinical network using established standards like DICOM, FHIR, CDISC-ODM, etc.
Coordinate and harmonize technical concepts with other research platforms like NUM CODEX and the national medical informatics initiative (MI-I).
Contribute to open source software in the field of medical image computing (e. g. Kaapana, MITK).
Be involved in the publication and presen­tation of the project results as well as the planning, coordination and reporting of tasks.
Requirements:
Master’s degree in medical informatics or a related scientific discipline (e. g. computer science, mathematics, physics or statistics)
Analytical and software development skills accompanied by an interest in data standards from the medical research domain (e. g. DICOM, FHIR, etc.)
Experience in at least one of the languages: Python, C++, Java, Javascript or Bash 
Experiences in one or more fields like image computing, machine learning, high-performance computing or cloud technologies (i. e. Docker, Kubernetes, Airflow) are beneficial
Experience with medical data in the form of knowledge about common termi­nologies (Snomed-CT, RadLex, LOINC,...) or working experience with PACS, KIS and RIS systems is of advantage
Reliability, attention to detail and the ability to work in a multidisciplinary international team
Excellent English communication skills, German is beneficial
Interested and qualified applicants should at least submit a cover letter with references, a CV and degrees and/or transcripts.
We offer:
Interesting, versatile workplace
International, attractive working environment
Campus with modern state-of-the-art infrastructure
Salary according to TV-L including social benefits
Possibility to work part-time
Flexible working hours
Comprehensive further training program
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum DKFZ
Im Neuenheimer Feld 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -