Jobs by email
MSD Sharp & Dohme GmbH
IT Workplace Service Manager (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Who we are …
We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey, USA in the United States and Canada and MSD everywhere else. For more than a century, we have been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Today, our company continues to be at the forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions and advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and animals around the world.
For the support of our IT Infrastructure Team we are searching for an IT Workplace Service Manager (m/f/d).
The IT Workplace Service Manager is responsible for supporting the operation, planning and execution of the IT strategies related to infrastructure and Workplace Services.
Our IT team operates as a business partner proposing ideas and innovative solutions that enable new organizational capabilities. We collaborate internationally to deliver the services and solutions that help everyone to be more productive and enable innovation.
IT Workplace Service Manager (m/f/d)
Key Tasks
Operates, implements, and supports all IT Workplace Services in scope, including appropriate application of globally defined processes around in-time Incident Management and Service Request Management..
Communicate and support local employees to know and use all tools and processes offered to them around IT Workplace Services
Operates and implements all IT infrastructure in scope, including appropriate application of globally defined processes around Configuration Management, Change Management, and Incident/Problem Management in alignment with local business and stakeholders
Be part of the German IT Workplace Services and IT Infrastructure team and partner with all related IT colleagues to align technology, processes and support
Implementation and execution of Infrastructure Services projects.
Work to understand the company model of business vs. IT and how programs can be successful offered.
Communicate to employees and offer trainings sessions to support transition towards new ways of working
Gain experience in organizational readiness and project management.
Opportunity to build the process and plan for the inclusion of the voice of the employee into the implementation plans of the programs, and align the needs of the business and production IT to the diverse initiatives.
Required Experience & Skills
Knowledge about any kind of Infrastructure set-up, like hardware (WIN, IOS), network, printer as well as audio/video conferencing, fixed and mobile telephony
First experience in the infrastructure/use device as in areas of process start up, run and/or technical transfer or have demonstrated experience in these areas
Strong professional and interpersonal communication skills
Demonstrated influencing skills and ability to efficiently work on cross-functional, cross-company, global teams
Proven ability to multi-task and work within tight deadlines
Flexibility and the ability to work independently as well as excellent organizational skills
Work in teams’ abilities
Understand agile ways of working
Excellent command of English and German, both verbal and written
Our Support Functions deliver services and make recommendations about ways to enhance our workplace and the culture of our organization. Our Support Functions include HR, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Procurement, Administration, Facilities and Security.
What we look for …
Imagine getting up in the morning for a job as important as helping to save and improve lives around the world. Here, you have that opportunity. You can put your empathy, creativity, digital mastery, or scientific genius to work in collaboration with a diverse group of colleagues who pursue and bring hope to countless people who are battling some of the most challenging diseases of our time. Our team is constantly evolving, so if you are among the intellectually curious, join us—and start making your impact today.
We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing diverse, talented, and committed people together. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when diverse ideas come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively. We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace.
People with severe disabilities and their equivalents will be given preference if they are equally qualified.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MSD Sharp & Dohme GmbH
80539 München, Deutschland