Jobs by email
Microsoft Deutschland GmbH
Data Center Inventory & Asset Technician (m/f/d) - temporary position
Frankfurt am Main
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day and we need you as a Data Center Inventory & Asset Technician (DIAT).
Microsoft’s Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) is the engine that powers our cloud services. As a CO+I DIAT, you will perform a key role in delivering the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's online services including Bing, Office 365, Xbox, OneDrive, and the Microsoft Azure platform. As a group, CO+I is focused on the personal and professional development of all employees and offers trainings and opportunities including Career Rotation Programs, Diversity & Inclusion trainings and events, and professional certifications.
Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our foundation is built upon and managed by a team of subject matter experts working to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide.
With environmental sustainability and optimization at the forefront of our datacenter design and operations, we continue to grow and evolve as we meet the ever-changing business demands that hold Microsoft as a world-class cloud provider.
Do you want to empower billions across the world? Come and join us in CO+I and be at the forefront of the action! #COICareers #DIAT
Responsibilities:
Safety Practices
Complies with security and data management policies.
Escalates any security or safety incidents. Coordinates with security escorts for third-party vendors.
Tactical Shift Management
Performs assigned tasks and escalates issues during high-volume work activity or escalation-based situations.
Leverages process knowledge and best judgment to complete next task without direct supervision.
Inbound and Outbound Logistics
Coordinates, prepares, and executes incoming/outgoing deliveries (e.g. purchase order [PO] receiving, Rack Movement Supervisor [RMS] activities).
Applies appropriate customs documentations and standards for outbound packages.
Ensures complete and detailed physical inventory tracking and staging.
Customer Service
Maintains a strong focus to understand the impact of their work when completing tickets and assigned Inventory and Asset Management (IAM) tasks.
Ensures IAM tasks are completed accurately as requested, as well as meet company and industry standards and policies.
Builds strong working relationships with customers.
Inventory Management
Maintains and stewards up-to-date and accurate logical information within various inventory management systems (e.g., configuration management databases, asset management repositories).
Performs inventory cycle audits, data corrections, and various Data Center regulatory compliance or certification control audit activity.
Performs material movement, including shipping/receiving and inventory management per standard process.
Ensures detailed physical inventory tracking and staging.
Warranty Process Management
Engages supplier to initiate warranty claim when automation is not available and processes the orders.
Processes failed vendor hardware devices using online/other tools, including information processing, packaging, shipment, and receipt of return for Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) devices.
Follows all Service Level Agreements (SLAs) related to RMA warranty process.
Data Bearing Device (DBD) Destruction
Performs destruction of data bearing devices (DBD) following all Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and Microsoft policies as necessary.
Ensures DBD serial number matches with database.
Coordinates with and oversees any third-party vendors who perform DBD destruction as necessary.
Procurement
Notifies management about ordering stock shortages. Escalates any issues to management.
Your Profile:
High School Diploma AND working experience warehouse/supply chain in an information technology (IT) environment, inventory management, retail, warehouse management, or a related field OR equivalent experience.
While not required, we also look for the following Preferred Qualifications:
working experience in warehouse/supply chain in an information technology (IT) environment, IT, and/or logistics, operating heavy-load movement equipment (e.g., forklift, pallet jacks, chassis lifts) for a large corporation OR equivalent experience.
Maintains a strong customer focus to understand the impact of his/her work when completing tickets and assigned tasks.
Pride and accountability for service quality, completeness and resulting user experience; accountability and responsibility for data centre facilities.
Conflict resolution and problem-solving skills.
A character that exemplifies the Microsoft values of respect, integrity, accountability and fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment.
Strong written and spoken English skills required.
Background Check Requirements:
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Microsoft Deutschland GmbH
60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland