Jobs by email
Continental AG
Solution Architect Business Intelligence (SAP HANA BW / MS Power BI) (m/f/d) REF19952L
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets.
Job Description
Continental’s digital capabilities are growing every day. Our Sales, Logistics and Finance Information Technology Competence Center is the digital backbone of our company’s Tire business – and we want you to join us!
If you love to learn, grow and be on the forefront of creating modern technology tools, Continental is the perfect match for you.
We are looking for a self-driven and highly skilled Solution Architect in Business Intelligence (BI). You will actively drive and further design our Self-Service Business Intelligence offering by providing best of breed central IT services. You will enable our business to create their own reporting’s and thereby support improved decision making and higher organizational efficiency.
In this exciting job you work on the following tasks:
Manage and further develop our SAP HANA platform (best-practices, re-usables, guidelines, monitoring and strategic tool stack adaptions according to market trends).
Integration of SAP BW and SAP HANA with Power BI incl. Power BI Service.
Responsibility to manage BI reporting and planning services, and to design solution enhancements jointly in an international team with business experts and IT specialists as a service owner.
In workshops with our internal business customer evaluate information gathered, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract from low-level information to a general understanding and ascertain the true underlying needs. Consult the customer in the solution design.
Plan and manage projects (incl. effort estimation, timeline, scoping discussions with business, steering presentations with senior management)
Apply state of the art agile software development methodologies according to Continental Tires Project Management standards to promise reliable delivery dates and scope.
Explain and inform your solution design verbal and in written form both to a technical and non-technical audience.
Get to know some of your new colleagues in Hanover already today on our website.
Qualifications
Academic degree in Informatics, Economics, or related studies
BW certification and/or multiple years of experience in similar function, incl. project management experience
Thorough work experience in SAP HANA Development (incl. SQLScript) and Operations Management
Thorough work experience in SAP BW Modeling (LSA++) and ETL (incl. SAP ABAP)
Considerable work experience in MS Power BI incl. PBI Service
Beneficial Work experience in planning processes and suitable tools, e. g. BPC Embedded
Beneficial Knowledge and familiarity of SAP ECC modules
Excellent communication skills
Strong Team Player
Professional working proficiency in English
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
The job in numbers: You are going to work 37.5 hours a week in a team of 8 business intelligence experts. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.
Being part of a global IT team of thousands of colleagues working on various innovations and tasks, there is always an opportunity to grow and move into different directions within our corporation.
On top of that you can expect the following benefits:
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, trainings or global internal Software Academy)
Work from home up to 4 days a week (unless workshops etc. require physical presence)
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
12 salaries per year
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across 4 locations in a globally active organization
Company and tariff pension plan
Health insurance
Assistance with child-care
Parent-child office
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
Sabbatical option
If this sounds like a perfect match for you and if you want to become the next supporter of our core values Trust, For One Another, Passion to Win and Freedom to Act, we are looking forward receiving you’re application.
  Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße 25, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -