Jobs by email
Risk.Ident GmbH
Scala Developer (d/f/m) DEVICE IDENT (On-site or Remote)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
100% remote possible, but German residential address required
Become the Sherlock Holmes of the web and help our clients to detect the fraudsters among their customers. In this never ending race, we are beating the bad guys with technology!
We’re looking for an active, communicative and fun Scala Developer (d/f/m) to join our product development team DEVICE IDENT. DEVICE IDENT is our device fingerprinting software that identifies customers’ devices through their unique characteristics and analyses them independently of their personal data. Using intelligent rule systems, DEVICE IDENT ensures that fraud correlations can be identified consistently in real-time so clients can take immediate action. 
In DEVICE IDENT, we use a modern tech stack, e.g. Scala, Play Framework, Kafka, Akka, and MongoDB. We use functional programming constructs and optimise our product for performance and scalability. Following agile methods like Scrum or Kanban, the team collaborates on an eye to eye level, e.g. in pair programming sessions and code reviews. Therefore we’re looking for someone who wants to get actively involved in shaping the future development of the product
TASKS
Maintain the DEVICE IDENT product ensuring scalability and stability 
Add new features and continuously improve the quality of DEVICE IDENT
Collaborate with other Riskies, e.g. in pair programming sessions and code reviews
Be responsible for the full lifecycle of your code: from the initial idea through development and testing to deployment and operation
Take full responsibility for the quality of your work
REQUIREMENTS
Experience in functional programming and / or OOP
You are a communicative team player who likes to discuss ideas openly and constructively
You have hands-on experience with operational environments, or the desire to learn how your software runs and what it takes to operate it
You take over responsibility, give and take feedback and share your opinion
You care about quality and testing, taking into account the simplicity of your solutions
Good English language skills (German is not required)
As a plus
Experience with Kafka;
Experience with MongoDB;
Used FP libraries: Cats-effect;
Other libs as a plus: Akka, Play
Docker and Kubernetes;
WE OFFER THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS
The possibility to take over responsibility and to realise your own ideas – from day one
Collaborative environment in which everyone works on eye-level
A team of experts and helpful buddies that allows you to learn something new every day
Very friendly and open environment
Generous remote work guideline with emphasis on team alignment
Allocated time to pursue your personal/technical growth
Internal coaching and training sessions
Budget for conferences, trainings, etc. and access to an online learning platform
Sabbatical
Social Days, i.e. paid time off for volunteer work on a project close to your heart
Free choice between Linux or MacOS on powerful mobile hardware, and everything else you might need to be able to work efficiently
Public transport & lunch allowance
Regular workout sessions at no charge (shower in the office)
Bike leasing via JobRad with insurance allowance
Attractive discounts at various partner shops and gyms
Relocation support: constant contact person, issuing documents, help with public offices, translation support, etc.
And many more!
For more information check out our website. If you want to help us to take DEVICE IDENT to the next level, please send us your documents using the “apply” button. Your contact person is Tram Reichardt (Senior POW Manager). We are looking forward to your application!
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Risk.Ident GmbH
Am Sandtorkai 50, 20457 Hamburg, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -