Jobs by email
DIEHL Metering GmbH
Customer Success Engineer (f/m/d)
Nürnberg, Ansbach or St-Louis
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
AT DIEHL: THE FUTURE IS IN YOUR HANDS!
More than 16,000 employees are currently shaping the engineering of the future in our five corporate divisions Metall, Controls, Defence, Aviation and Metering. Diehl Metering concentrates the expertise of powerful players in the metering industry. Our intelligent solutions for energy data management help our partners all over the world to use natural resources and energy efficiently and sensibly. Apply at Diehl and join hands with fascinating technologies and a unique corporate tradition of stability and trust.
For our site Diehl Metering GmbH in Nuremberg, Ansbach or St-Louis we are looking for a:
Customer Success Engineer (f/m/d)
Your contribution to our success:
You lead post-sales activ­it­ies in a project setup with cus­tom­ers.
You sup­port pre-sales and sales activ­it­ies in col­lab­or­a­tion with the Sales De­part­ment.
You will be sup­port­ing the rol­lout pro­cess of ap­plic­a­tions for new cli­ents.
You train users in us­ing Diehl Meter­ing soft­ware products.
You will be main­tain­ing the doc­u­ment­a­tion of cus­tom­er projects.
You are in close col­lab­or­a­tion with the de­vel­op­ment team in case of cus­tom­er prob­lems.
We would like from you:
You have a uni­versity de­gree in in­form­a­tion tech­no­logy, en­gin­eer­ing or a com­par­able field.
You have ex­per­i­ence in work­ing with tools like Jira, Con­flu­ence and prefer­able mon­it­or­ing tools.
You have ex­per­i­ence in col­lab­or­at­ing with in­ter­dis­cip­lin­ary teams (pre­ferred).
You have pas­sion for de­liv­er­ing the best pos­sible ex­per­i­ence for your cus­tom­ers and you ana­lyze and solve prob­lems in a self-driv­en way.
You have very good com­mu­nic­a­tion skills in Eng­lish. Ger­man and French skills are a plus.
You have will­ing­ness to travel as a part of your role.
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates