Jobs by email
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
Solution Architect (m/w/d) eCommerce
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The ALDI Nord group of companies is one of the leading food retailers. For over 100 years, ALDI has stood for the creation of the discount principle. Our mission is to provide people everywhere and anytime with their daily essentials: quality products at low prices - simply and quickly. This also includes making shopping as easy as possible for our customers. That's why we give our best every day and reinvent ourselves time and again. Combined talent and commitment - that is the POWER behind our success stories. Across Europe in 9 countries with more than 5,600 stores and more than 86,000 employees. We are: Simply ALDI. Powered by people.
Your tasks
You take responsibility for the architectural setup of our eCommerce stack to consistently evolve and follow into the MACH principles
You will actively shape the future of eCommerce and omnichannel at ALDI Nord through eCommerce products and interfaces (focus on SAP Commerce Cloud)
You support the omnichannel customer experience with responsibility for defining, designing and implementing modern, flexible, performant, secure and enterprise-level scalable architectures
You collaborate with business and IT stakeholders in order to combine both worlds best into the target solution
You evaluate business concepts in terms of technical feasibility within given budgets and timeframes and demonstrate clean, standards-compliant solutions in line with the target architecture agreed with architecture bodies and governance
As a central contact person in technical matters, you are a sparring partner for all eCommerce related questions
You support the product teams by providing technical leadership and guidance as well as define standards to continuously improve our technical landscape
Your profile
Completed studies with a digital / IT focus (e.g. business informatics, computer science, digital marketing, e-commerce) or several years of relevant professional experience in the area of software development / software architecture in eCommerce (4+ Years)
Experience with enterprise eCommerce systems, ideally with SAP Commerce Cloud
Proven knowledge in agile software development (SCRUM, Kanban, SAFe)
Track record as Solution Architect and experience in setting up MACH architectures, ideally in corporate environments
Detailed knowledge in cloud technologies; especially Microsoft Azure
High interest on internal and external customer demands and strong communication and moderation skills
Strong self-organization and excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Professional written and spoken German and English language skills
Your benefits
A secure job with the inventor of the discount
An open working atmosphere where we value your opinion
A discount at the gym to help you balance out your day at the office
Flexible working hours and the opportunity to work on a mobile basis on a pro rata basis
A varied and challenging job with a lot of creative freedom
A high-performance and pleasant working environment in a team that is looking forward to you!
A new office campus with day care centre, sports pavilion, innovative gastronomic concept, multi-storey car park
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ALDI Einkauf SE & Co. oHG
45307 Essen, Deutschland