Jobs by email
ZEISS
Expert Online Analytics / Product Owner Digital Marketing Analytics (f/m/x)
Jena, D-PLZ 10, D-PLZ 73, D-PLZ 84
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Carl Zeiss Meditec AG enables medical professionals worldwide to improve the lives of their patients in ophthalmology, microsurgery and other medical growth sectors. With our proven medical technology and application expertise, we are driving standards of care. Together with our colleagues at sites around the world, we work every day to achieve this goal.
global responsibility of performance measurement (web, app, social, email, etc.) at ZEISS medical technology
owner of analytics tools (e.g. adobe target/google analytics) incl. cooperation with internal stakeholder (IT/ZEISS corporate functions)
aggregation and reporting of analytics data based customer life cycle and on needs of stakeholders (marketing, group communications, service, etc.)
alignment about/implantation of analytics within global organization incl. countries
systematic implementation of consistent tag management solution for all relevant marketing touch points
Ihr Profil
university degree in business informatics, media sciences, communications, business administration or similar course of studies (preferably)
min. 5 years of working experience in this or similar responsibilities
technical qualification in online specific tools / programming languages (e.g. Google analytics, adobe target, JavaScript, etc.)
strong communications skills and alignment with cross functional stakeholders
very good English language skills
excellent knowledge in analytics tools as well as presentation of digital performance data in dashboards
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.