Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
DevSecOps Engineer (Cloud) (f/m/d)
Essen, Hannover, München, Würzburg, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a changemaker (f/m/d) and join our team as a DevSecOps Engineer (Cloud) (f/m/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe.
We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Your task
Responsibilities
You improve the provisioning of Cloud landing zones for product development through end to end ownership
You optimize the performance of security services and features for product development in the cloud (GCP, Azure)
You enhance quality and remove toil through code and automation
You build security controls upfront into the services and features of groupwide solution development platforms
You ensure that security controls and standards are deployed on application landing zones to meet the group security and data privacy policies
You foster knowledge sharing as well as skill transfer and delivery
You provide subject matter expertise for compliance requirements based on organization information security standards
Your profile
Qualifications
Bachelor or preferably Master degree in information technology or comparable education
Deep understanding of standard DevOps tools such as Gitlab, SonarQube, Sentry, Artifactory, Fortify or Aqua Security
Experience in design and implementation of DevOps processes in agile software development projects
Enthusiasm for Software product development and delivery as well as a deep understanding
Solid conceptual and analytical skills
Strong communication and presentation skills
Willingness to travel
High degree of energy, drive and enthusiasm
Independent and self-responsible way of working paired with the ability to work in a team
Openness to new topics and challenges
Fluent in English and German
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.