Jobs by email
DIEHL Metering GmbH
(Junior) Cloud Engineer (m/f/d)
Ansbach, Nürnberg, Saint-Louis (Frankreich) or Bażanowice (Polen)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 hours ago
Show salary
Save
AT DIEHL: THE FUTURE IS IN YOUR HANDS!
More than 16,000 employees are currently shaping the engineering of the future in our five corporate divisions Metall, Controls, Defence, Aviation and Metering. Diehl Metering concentrates the expertise of powerful players in the metering industry. Our intelligent solutions for energy data management help our partners all over the world to use natural resources and energy efficiently and sensibly. Apply at Diehl and join hands with fascinating technologies and a unique corporate tradition of stability and trust.
For our site Diehl Metering GmbH in Ansbach, Nuremberg (both Germany), Saint Louis (France) or Bażanowice (Poland) we are looking for a:
(Junior) Cloud Engineer (m/f/d)
Your contribution to our success:
You are responsible for the technology of new and ex­ist­ing cloud products and ser­vices – tak­ing in­to ac­count an end-to-end per­spect­ive and stra­tegic ob­ject­ives.
You are re­spons­ible for our solu­tion and ser­vice ar­chi­tec­ture dur­ing their life cycle.
You un­der­stand and dis­cuss group-wide with our in­tern­al cus­tom­ers and identi­fy suit­able cloud solu­tions and ser­vices.
You develop, implement and optimize prototypes of cloud-based services and solutions.
You are re­spons­ible for the de­vel­op­ment and op­tim­iz­a­tion of con­tinu­ous in­teg­ra­tion and de­ploy­ment pipelines.
You en­hance ex­ist­ing cloud ser­vices and cre­ate new ones.
You are re­spons­ible for build­ing bridges between the cloud and on-premises sys­tems.
You keep an eye on the re­search com­munity to apply recent technological changes to cus­tom­er re­quire­ments.
Your contribution to our team:
You have suc­cess­fully com­pleted a uni­versity de­gree in busi­ness in­form­a­tion sci­ence or com­puter sci­ence. Al­tern­at­ively, you have a completed ap­pren­tice­ship as IT spe­cial­ist with ex­ten­ded ex­per­i­ence.
You bring pro­fes­sion­al know­ledge in cloud en­vir­on­ments (IaaS, PaaS and SaaS).
Profound familiarity with one or more cloud platforms (Microsoft Azure, AWS) is a plus.
You like to ex­plore and drive in­nov­a­tions as well as re­spond to new busi­ness needs, changes and IT ser­vices.
You possess an ana­lyt­ic­al, con­cep­tu­al, res­ults-ori­ented work­ing style and extended team skills.
You show an agile way of think­ing and act­ing paired with open, co­oper­at­ive com­mu­nic­a­tion skills.
You speak flu­ent Eng­lish and have good lan­guage skills in either German, Polish or French.
Re­mote work is pos­sible, with work on site also re­quired (50/50).
Your possible benefits:
Flexible working hours
Onboarding program
Internal trainings
Work from home
Professional and personal development
Company mobile and laptop
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates