Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Site Reliability Engineer - Bosch Connected Industry (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch Manufacturing Solutions GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As Site Reliability Engineer you closely collaborate with the product development teams to optimize system's observability, availability, scalability, performance and latency.
You implement core ITSM processes following ITIL standards matching with requirements of agile software development to optimize delivery quality.
You analyze and close gaps in existing service management processes to ensure organization success.
The definition of service level indicator and objectives to track the reliability of our software is part of your work.
The optimization of our monitoring strategy to prevent faults in the system, reduce failure detection time and improve mean time to recovery rounds off your responsibilities.
Your profile
Education: completed studies in Information Technology, Engineering or a comparable subject
Personality: independent, teamplayer and flexible 
Working Practice: analytical and structured
Experience: several years of professional experience with software monitoring and observability topics of web applications concepts (Traces, Metrics, and Logs), Standards (OpenTelemetry, OpenTracing, and OpenMetrics), overall application performance monitoring, first experiences and knowledge with monitoring software, experience with implementing end-to-end monitoring solutions
Knowledge: basic knowledge of microservice-based systems deployed using Kubernetes, Helm and Terraform
Qualifications: ITIL certification is a plus
Languages: very good communication skills in written and spoken English, German is a plus
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Maybachstraße 6, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.