Jobs by email
ZEISS
Agile Coach (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of the company’s data culture and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. In this function, you will support the Data & Analytics team at ZEISS Digital Partners in it's data-driven innovation projects with our strategic business units. You will be responsible for driving the implementation of agile methods as well as designing, implementing and adjusting processes in order to define and execute the agile strategic roadmap.
Responsibilities:
End-to-end responsibility for agile process implementation in 2-3 teams.
As OKR master align OKR’s across the org and formulate and execute OKR’s for the teams on quarterly iterations.
Work with product owners/head of departments to analyze current systems & processes, and design a strategy for the adoption of agile practices
Participate in drafting agile transformation strategy and implement the strategy, incl. agile culture, mindset, methods and training
Coaching, consulting and supervision of agile teams, their stakeholders and the management as well as the organizational environment
Develop and deploy KPI’s to monitor transformation progress and impact to business performance
Introduce scaling Agile frameworks inside the organization, especially in product development
Drive cultural change by championing an agile mindset and ensure the organization uses prove industry good practices
Act as a role model and "Agility" advisor
Conduct/support trainings and workshops in the organization
Ihr Profil
Proven track record of successful Agile Transformations in global high tech companies
4+ years of experience introducing of agile methods and coaching
Experience in implementing OKR, Scrum, Kanban, ScrumBan and Scaled Agile (e.g. LeSS, SAFe, Nexus, Spotify) frameworks
Experience in setting up and managing agile projects of varying size and complexity
Excellent coaching skills and conflict management skills.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills across all levels of hierarchies and stakeholders
Fluent in English and German
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.