Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software Developer - Solution Configurator (f/m/div.)
Wetzlar
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Home Comfort Group is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Wetzlar
Your tasks
You like to work with software professionals? So do we! Exceptional C# knowledge is a prerequisite as well as the ability to design REST APIs.
As part of our team, you work on solutions for digital sales. Therefore, you will develop a system configurator in a team that designs complete heating systems and generates planning aids. You are involved in all phases of the software development lifecycle.
You are responsible for maintaining and enhancing applications and for developing new state-of-the-art applications. This includes testing and code reviews.
The responsibility for the creation and implementation of innovative technical concepts and their security analyzes are also part of your tasks.
You will help developing solutions to address business needs, contribute to solution architecture and application design.
Last but not least you engage with different departments and business units to gather requirements and derive specifications that are in line with our strategy.
Your profile
Education: degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar education with professional experience
Personality and Working Practice: team player, creative and committed, strong communication skills, good judgment
Experience and Knowledge:
Experience with design and implementation of relational and non-relational database models
Strong C# coding skills, Focus on clean and maintainable code and Knowledge of OOP design patterns
Confidence in designing REST APIs, using asynchronous service communication and familiarity with different kinds of web services
Experience with various architectural patterns (e.g. multi-tier, event driven), web development using Node.js, JS/TS and JavaScript frameworks like React or Angular
Familiarity with cloud computing (e.g. Microsoft Azure) and cloud native design patterns
Languages: fluent in English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Sophienstraße 30-32, 35576 Wetzlar, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.