Jobs by email
Westwing Group SE
Software Backend Engineer (m/f/d)
Warsaw
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
As a Software Backend Engineer you will be responsible for providing the best solutions for CRM and Social Media Marketing teams. With the team of 6, you will work on providing new features, but also maintaining and keeping our services in the best shape. 
This position is located in Poland (onsite in Warsaw or remote in Poland) and is unlimited. 
What you'll do
work on the full software development life cycle: from the analysis, design up to implementing and deploying the final solution
provide value to the business with the code you produce
take full ownership of the software the team produces
ensure maintainability of the solution as well as blazing fast performance
You come with
several years of experience in PHP backend development
passion for shipping; CI/CD is a must and putting code live every day is a given
experience working in TDD
strong problem-solving skills and proactive attitude in suggesting solutions and improvements
good written and verbal communication skills in English
What you can expect
working in an international, diverse team of experts in a dynamic and fast-paced e-commerce environment
countless opportunities to grow your career and shape your professional future
state-of-the-art tech infrastructure running on AWS and Kubernetes, professionally equipped workstation (Mac, screens, peripherals, etc) of your personal choice and yearly training budget for every tech team member
remote working model with designated in office tribe weeks, read more
What are you waiting for? Apply via our online form. We are looking forward to your application including your possible starting date. If you have any questions regarding the job, please contact Andrea Galantucci. Please note that we don’t accept Email-Applications!
  Diversity is deeply rooted in the Westwing culture. Our mission doesn’t stop to inspire only your design choices, it continues to embrace an inclusive lifestyle filled with respect to everyone’s uniqueness, cultural differences and equal opportunity.
ABOUT WESTWING
Being part of Westwing means working in an inspiring and diverse environment that enables you to grow. Our more than 1,900 international team members connect creativity and style with state-of-the-art technology and strong business fundamentals. Westwing is the European leader in inspiration-based Home and Living eCommerce with EUR 522m of revenue in 2021 across 11 countries. Our mission is: To inspire and make every home a beautiful home. Through our ‘shoppable magazine’, we inspire our loyal Home Enthusiast customers with a curated product selection and combine it with gorgeous content. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Munich.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Westwing Group SE
Warsaw, Polen
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.