Jobs by email
ZEISS
Technical Product Owner for In-Store Journey Applications (m/w/x)
Aalen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Your Role:
work in young & motivated IT-Team at ZEISS Vision Care
take the technical ownership of the global In-Store Journey Applications and manage the technical requirements, their implementation & operation.
conceptualize the software architecture & data models of the global In-Store Journey Applications and ensure their compatibility to other applications to increase the user adoption
challenge, understand & translate business requirements into technical requirements, but also challenge the Status Quo to consciously improve the applications
define technical requirements and prioritize the backlog together with the Business Product Owner
plan & manage the software product development activities
support the global roll-out of the Marketing & Sales In-Store Journey Apps
manage new Software Releases and inform relevant global stakeholders
provide inputs to Marketing & Training Materials
support the overall company data analysis initiatives with data from the In-Store Journey applications
Ihr Profil
You Profile:
a professional and / or academic background in cloud computing and webservices
a strong desire and designation to continuously expand your technical skillset & experience
experience with IT architecture, system specifications and data modeling
strong dedication to increase customer & consumer benefits through new / better & connected Marketing & Sales Applications
Software Development capabilities are highly appreciated but not mandatory
ability to explain technical issues & requirements for other stakeholders in “their” language
experience in agile working methods (e.g. SCRUM) and tools (e.g. Azure DevOps)
conceptual and entrepreneurial thinking skills
fun working in multidisciplinary and multi-cultural teams
fluent language skills in English; German is desirable
joy on business trips (if required & appropriate)
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73431 Aalen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.