Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Secure Development Engineer (m/f/d)
Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
Join the MMS Cyber Security team in our quest to deliver world-class Cyber Security resilience in an international environment. Our team values a supportive atmosphere with a passion for developing, where you can earn recognition, trust, and loyalty by improving our Cyber Security state. At the same time, we put a specific emphasis on work-life balance, wellbeing, and the opportunity to operate in diverse and inclusive environment. To that extent, working hours can be split between on premise and work-from-home setup. 
Your tasks
Work with engineering teams and drive security improvements 
Deliver Threat Modeling assessments and training 
Build tooling to support Threat Modeling and other security driven initiatives 
Perform security-engineering activities for software products as well as services and support development teams and product managers with related requirements and risk management 
Create and review specifications and contribute to architecture documentation based on technical as well as non-technical requirements 
Collaborate in architecture task groups to make decisions about the use of new technologies taking into account security requirements and security principles 
Consult teams on implementing technical security requirements as well as aspects of secure implementation and operations 
Adapt and evolve the MMS security processes and practices  
Requirements
Degree in Information Technology, Business Informatics and/or Law or equivalent degree 
Professional experience in a security role in the following areas: software development, native cloud platforms, and micro service architectures, web applications 
Broad knowledge about security aspects of technology and software development helps to fulfill your role: operating systems (Linux), container technology, user management, protocols, cryptography, networks, programming languages and testing tools 
In-depth knowledge in the field of cloud architectures and cloud security would be particularly useful 
Hands-on experience with application development and related tooling 
Enthusiasm for secure development and implementation of complex service architectures 
Fluent in German and English
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. When you are ready to learn more about us, just drop us your application right below!
Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Ingolstadt, Deutschland