Jobs by email
Hexagon Geosystems Services AG
Software Engineer (f/m/d) Backend
Zürich
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
I'm interested
Save
About Us
Hexagon is a leading provider of digital reality solutions and employs more than 24,000 people in 50 countries.  You will be part of a strong, experienced, inspiring and motivated team of experts driving the future of Hexagon. You will use and develop your skills in our highly innovative and diverse environment. 
Flexible working models allow you to ideally combine work and private interests.
Committed and with passion for precision we create digital reality solutions combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies to empower a sustainable future.
HxDR is Hexagon‘s cloud-based visualisation and collaboration platform for spatial data and services. It is a space where the concepts that transform the way we live are placed within accurate digital representations of the real world. HxDR is the platform to store, transform, host, and stream geospatial- and reality capture data  to a global customer base.
As a Software Engineer on the backend, you will help develop solutions for the HxDR platform and client facing web application. The software you work on will be responsible for managing access to and providing streaming and processing services for large geospatial datasets. You will take part in a team that pushes the technology and infrastructure to its limits to find the right solutions in our domain.
This appeals to you
Develop a state-of-the-art platform, using a modern tech stack reaching a global userbase
Write code that handles millions of requests and terabytes of data on a daily base
Stay up-to-date with new technologies and trends and use these regularly
Shape the platform as we grow and develop new functionality
Coaching the team and fostering a culture of continuous growth and learning
Interacting with the larger team (Frontend, ops, QA and product management) and ensuring best practices across the board
This is you
Getting from a problem statement to a workable architecture and software design using OOP, OOD, and general software engineering best practices
5+ years experience in Java, Java Spring boot or similar languages and frameworks 
Problem solving and a strong analytical mindset
Proven use of Docker and containerization across different platforms and operating systems
A thorough understanding of microservices and distributed systems
CI/CD both the principles
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Hexagon Geosystems Services AG
8001 Zürich, Schweiz
Company Benefits
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.