Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Working student Software test of motorsport tools (f/m/div.)
Abstatt bei Stuttgart
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Engineering GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Part-Time
Joblocation: Abstatt
Your tasks
You will work in Bosch Motorsports currently expanding tool test team that is staffed and ran by students. With your endurance, curiosity and an eye for small things you will support our test process with:
Live testing in our Abstatt office, using advances motorsport electronics about once every two weeks.
Requirement based test design and test execution of manual test cases for Windows applications.
Contributing to the release process of software projects with tests in a laboratory as well as on vehicles.
Reviewing test results.
Reproducing issues reported by colleagues and from customers in the field.
Contributing to the continuous improvement and maintenance of our test environment.
Test reporting and support throughout the release process.
In addition to performing functional testing you can also contribute to the improvement of our user interfaces and our products usability.
Our team is primarily ran and managed by students. Depending on your interests and skills you have the ability to be involved in training new students or in the management of our team.
Your work in an agile business unit geard towards achieving the highest performance possible will give you an insight into the current development of electronic control units for motorsport use, the development process and methodology.
Start: after consultation
Time: 6 months
Working hours: max. 15 hours per week
Your profile
Personality: You work independently, thorough and team oriented.
Way of working: Working at our Abstatt office for at least one day every two weeks is a requirement for this job.
Enthusiasm: You are motivated to find each and every bug in our software, enjoy working as a team and will strive to improve our products in any way possible.
Education: You have a valid enrollment in a study of mechatronics, computer engineering, electrical engineering, automotive engineering or similar.
Prerequisite for the working student is the matriculation at a university. Please enclose with your application a current certificate of enrolment, study and examination regulations and, if applicable, a valid work and residence permit for Germany.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Allee, 74232 Abstatt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.