Jobs by email
ZEISS
Roll out Manager Health Data Platform (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
The Roll-Out Manager Health Data Platform is the interface between the 6 workpackage leaders defined in the Country Enablement Program (CEP), the respective local countries contacts as well as the HQ stakeholders and various Product Management teams. The Roll-Out Manager Health Data Platform supports countries in setting up and executing processes related to the roll-out of the ZEISS Health Data Platform and applications running on the platform. The Roll-Out Manager acts as the single point of contact in Headquarter (HQ) for the set-up of pilot installations in countries new to HDP and resolves issues arising during pilot and launch phases of new products. The job holder “short-term” involves the relevant people in HQ to resolve such issues for individual cases, escalates quickly to Management, if a country would have significant issues in customer activation and works on “longer-term” defining and continuously improving processes for handling these issues. The Roll-out Manager also monitors regularly with the supporting functions in HQ such as finance, quality etc. in order to know, what specific requirements for upcoming targeted regions are good to know and prepares with the Business and Product Managers of HDP and its applications the potential adaptions for the Country Enablement Program.
Act as single point of contact for ZEISS Sales and Service (SSC) organizations in roll out the ZEISS Health Data Platform and associated cloud-based applications
Coordinate the headquarter support for specific customer projects during pilot and launch phases, working closely with Product Managers, R&D, Service, Operations, Data Protection Officers, Order Fulfillment, Learning Management and others to optimally support customers and sales teams
Maintain overview of roll-out activities in different SSCs and provide regular reporting also on issues and struggles with/at SSC and derive respective changes and solutions
Work with stakeholders, especially from service, operations and product management, to continuously improve support processes, making sure knowledge sharing from each roll out project is properly done
Ensure rapid roll-out by enabling partners in sales and service organizations and by promoting understanding of customer and sales needs within headquarter
Contantly evolve Country enablement Program (Roll-out support) of HDP
Align wih PLP of Applications to cater Country roll-out ideally to these products
Ihr Profil
University degree in business, computer science, engineering, or related field or apprenticeship training plus experience in the same areas of expertise
Work experience: 1-2 years for univ. degrees or 2-3 years of experience for apprenticeship degrees in a fast-paced, customer-oriented environment working with variety of stakeholders to resolve customer issues, ideally in an IT/ software context
some experience on service process definition / improvement appreciated
Customer and service mindset
Strong interpersonal skills, ability to build and leverage network of experts to help in resolving issues
Ability to multi-task Understanding of service processes Clear focus on hands-on solutions Customer service experience first
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Sabrina Rieker
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.