Jobs by email
HeidelbergCement AG
Senior Security Officer (f/m/d)
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Heidelberg Materials – Material to build your future
Heidelberg Materials is one of the world's largest integrated manufacturers of building materials and solutions with leading market positions in cement, aggregates, and ready-mixed concrete. We are represented in over 50 countries with more than 51,000 employees at almost 3,000 sites.
At the centre of our actions lies the responsibility for the environment. As the forerunner on the path to carbon neutrality and circular economy in the building materials industry, we are working on sustainable building materials and solutions for the future. We enable new opportunities for our customers through digitalisation.
In line with our new “Beyond 2020” Group strategy, Heidelberg Materials is on a mission to become the first industrial tech company in the building materials sector. Our aim is to digitalize our entire value chain to drive efficiency, provide a benchmark experience for our customers, and open up new digital revenue streams for Heidelberg Materials.
To further advance the design, definition and implementation of our security strategy and roadmap in a production-oriented environment, we are looking for a Senior Security Officer (f/m/d).
As Senior Security Officer, you will focus on security related products and processes across all Heidelberg Materials business-lines and act as a trusted advisor to relevant stakeholders in the business departments. You will be responsible for maintaining the live cycle of safety-related products, following trends and cultivating a network of experts in the market.
This role involves taking the responsibility of strategic security projects and ensuring in-time delivery as well as quality, which requires close communication with internal business stakeholders, external vendors and the Director Security.
If you are passionate about this position and eager to tackle intruiging challenges, we can offer you a more than interesting opportunity.
You will report directly to the Heidelberg Materials Director Security (Group CISO). The position is located in Heidelberg, Germany.
Your next challenge
Planning, driving & developing Heidelberg Materials global security strategy and roadmap in cooperation with all relevant business lines, stakeholders and the Director Security
Taking responsibility of technical implementation projects and responsibility for quality, budget and timeline
Steering and being the single-point-of-contact to external partners and vendors in technical implementation projects
Taking controll over the design and implementation of security processes and procedures to link people & technology in order to mitigate cybersecurity risks in time, quality and budget
Promoting a secure first mindset through training and cross-functional awareness campaigns in Heidelberg Materials
Monitoring and ensuring compliance with security policies and standards across Heidelberg Materials
Taking actions to handle, mitigate and respond to security incidents
Tight collaboration with other Heidelberg Materials departments to identify and prioritize technical security requirements in alignment with the Heidelberg Materials global security strategy
Translate business needs in technical & process requirements inside Heidelberg Materials and design the technical security roadmap of Heidelberg Materials
Onboarding, mentoring & training the security junior and expert staff of security team
Your profile
Bachelor or master’s degree in Business Informatics, Computer Science or a related field and/or relevant work experience
Minimum of 5 years of experience in IT-Infrastructure and security in a global and/or production focused environment
A minimum of 8 years professional experience in IT, OT and/or security infrastructure
Previous experience as an Information Security Officer (ISO) is an advantage
Self-Starter mentality with willingness to actively shape the current as well as future global security strategy of Heidelberg Materials
Experience to lead an international team and drive international strategic and technical projects
Experience in collaboration with nearshore resources is an advantage
Exceptional communication skills and ability to act as an interface between business departments, the internal IT-departments and the Director Security
Security Certifications (e.g., CISSP, CISM, CCSP, CISA) or willingness to certify
Ability to identify, adopt and drive market innovation on the IT security market
Good technology-based vendor knowledge and a solid network in the security market
Excellent level-appropriate communication and presentation skills
Excellent language skills in German and English
The candidate must be willing and able to travel up to 40% of the time
Our offer
Flexible working time models with up to 50% remote working within Germany
30 vacation days plus additional special vacation days
Attractive compensation with profit share/bonus, Christmas and vacation payment
Multiple learning & development options: support of job-related further training, E-campus, various technical and leadership development programs
JobTicket, JobBike and further special conditions and discounts for e.g. gyms
Company fitness room, various sports classes, health and prevention campaigns
Individual onboarding with buddy program as well as various networking initiatives (Network of Women, International Network etc.)
Modern headquarters next to the river Neckar with ergonomic workplaces and height-adjustable desks
Canteen with discounted and healthy meals
Bicycle and underground parking with charging stations - for e-bike and car
...and much more.
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HeidelbergCement AG
Heidelberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.