Jobs by email
ZEISS
SAP Fiori Solution Architect (m/w/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
In this role, you will be responsible for further developing the existing SAP Fiori system landscape and for the design of the future UI/UX strategy with focus on the SAP S/4HANA target architecture. Moreover, you will analyze and evaluate new technologies and platforms in the area of Fiori application architecture, such as Business Technology Platform, SAP Mobile Start, SAP Launchpad Services. The transformation to the new Fiori target architectures will be planned, evaluated, and implemented with you being in the lead.
More responsibilities will include:
Acting as a liaison in an agile software development environment between business requirements, demand and project management, and software development
Integrating the existing core systems (Business Suite & S/4 HANA) via SAP Launchpad Services
Examining the requirements and solution options from all sides from different perspectives and finding a solution that is viable for all parties involved and creating their cost estimates
Supporting and advising the development teams during the implementation process to ensure future-proof implementation
Ihr Profil
A degree in computer science, technical computer science, business informatics, industrial engineering, or business administration with IT specialization
At least five years of relevant professional experience in IT architecture with a focus on SAP UI5 / Fiori / mobile scenarios
Extensive experience in finding a process and technical solution architecture in SAP Fiori projects, based on the latest SAP UI5 technologies
In-depth knowledge of core enterprise applications such as applications for business processes and their mapping in SAP Enterprise Resource Planning (preferably S/4 HANA), Customer Relationship Management, Business Analytics as well as their integration into the overall architecture
High methodological competence in agile process models such as Scrum, Scaled Agile Framework, Design Thinking and more
Strong team player skills, customer- and goal-oriented work approach, as well as a high willingness to bring in own initiative
Good communication skills, as well as excellent presentation and moderation skills
Advanced language skills in German and English, both written and spoken
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Lisa Briesner
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.