Jobs by email
Volkswagen AG
Buyer Strategic Semiconductor Management (f/m/d)
Wolfsburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Your working environment
The Volkswagen Group is one of the leading manufactures of automobiles and commercial vehicles worldwide.
Would you love to actively shape the automobile supply chain of the future and support Volkswagen in its strategic semiconductor management? Within the Purchasing division Connectivity, e-Mobility & Driver Assistance we are responsible for many control units for our digital future technologies. The position offers you the opportunity to implement your own ideas along the supply chain as well as during the collaboration with our tandem partners and adjacent business units within the Volkswagen Group. Become part of our team and actively shape our strategic semiconductor management!
Your tasks
Creating collaboration models with semiconductor producers to secure deliveries
As an interface between supplier and internal stakeholders, you steer measures for capacity coverage
Develop and implement the content and scope for our action fields in strategic semiconductor management
Devise suggestions for the future direction of hardware architectures
Increasing data transparency for semiconductor components in our control units
As Group function you will work closely with the brands of the Volkswagen Group
Your qualifications
University degree with business or technical focus or comparable qualification
Ideally experience in semiconductor business. Project management and purchasing experience are also appreciated.
Strong communication skills in English
Advanced negotiation skills and assertiveness
Our benefits:
Up to 30 + 2 days paid holiday leave
35 hours per week
Company pension
Mobile working
Flexible working hours
Attractive remuneration
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Volkswagen AG
Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Company car
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.