Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Software Engineer (d/f/m)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Airbus Defence and Space is looking for a
Software Engineer (d/f/m)
If you are looking for a challenging task in a development team at Airbus Defence and Space in Manching and if you are interested in systems & software design around military aircrafts, you're welcomed to our department.
We develop and maintain Electronic Warfare Ground Support Systems for our Tornado, A400M and Eurofighter platforms at the Airbus-sites in Manching.
Our systems enable Electronic Warfare mission data preparation, provide the interfaces to the flying platforms, and support the evaluation of the mission or flight.
Your location
Located about an hour's drive north of Munich, Manching is an up-and-coming market town that offers a wide range of leisure and cultural activities. Here, you can enjoy the quality of life in the countryside while the pleasures of near-by cities are still within easy reach.
Your benefits
Attractive salary and special payments
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies
On-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten close to the site
Your tasks and responsibilities
Analysis of the use cases and needs in close cooperation with the various stakeholders of system engineering team
Definition and realization of software architectures and the ability to evaluate different architectural solutions and choose the best solution
Understand user workflows and define SW and Graphical User Interface (GUI) solutions using specific technologies to support and enhance different steps throughout the mission data production.
Design and implementation of mission data preparation and validation solutions with the support of state-of-the-art technologies such as Eclipse, OSGI and Java.
Preparation and execution of software tests to satisfy the different levels of verification and validation
Desired skills and qualifications
Bachelor degree in computer science or equivalent qualification
Graduates and young professionals are welcome to apply
Experience with Eclipse, OSGI and Java
Good written and spoken German and English
Motivation for agile SW development processes and methods
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
85077 Manching, Deutschland