Jobs by email
Hexagon Geosystems Services AG
Site Reliability / Cloud Engineer (f/m/d)
Zürich
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
I'm interested
Save
About Us
Hexagon is a leading provider of digital reality solutions and employs more than 24,000 people in 50 countries.  You will be part of a strong, experienced, inspiring and motivated team of experts driving the future of Hexagon. You will use and develop your skills in our highly innovative and diverse environment. 
Flexible working models allow you to ideally combine work and private interests.
Committed and with passion for precision we create digital reality solutions combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies to empower a sustainable future.
As a Site Reliability / Cloud Engineer, you will help harden solutions for divisions going through a technological as well as organisational transformation. Working in a small group, you’ll guide our development groups through creating and automating their cloud infrastructure, along with providing solutions centrally, which the R&D teams can benefit from. We are a multi- cloud company (AWS, Azure & GCP), meaning that you will get to apply a diverse mix of tools and services. You will implement best practices and help teams across multiple divisions to build upon the solutions that you have developed with other groups. As we are globally distributed, you will be required to travel as part of the job on occasion.
Sounds good? Join our team and make your vision come true!
This is you
Professional experience with Site Reliability Engineering
Proven track-record working with Kubernetes and Kubernetes Operators
Containerisation across different platforms, operating systems and CPU types
Best practices and patterns in software development
Cloud Native tools and their applicability across different Cloud providers
Language(s): English written and spoken / other languages eg Polish, German nice to have
A peak to our tech-stack
AWS, Azure, GCP & Tencent Cloud
Kubernetes
Serverless (Lamda functions)
ArgoCD - GitOps
Terraform & Crossplane
This appeals to you
End-to-end engagement, from inception to production and continuously improving high-availability services in the cloud
Delivering high-quality solutions and deployment strategies, focusing on reliability, automation, maintainability and security
Run production system alongside other engineering teams, focusing on devising automatic metrics and logs collection, self-healing capabilities and other technical solutions
In order to improve security and resilience of the infrastructure and avoiding incidents and problems from reoccurring
Basic understanding on the below
Feature flags, Blue/Green, Canary and Ring release strategies and tools
Cloud Native tools and their applicability across different Cloud providers
Observability and how it is used to manage MTTR
Cloud provider offerings
CI/CD both the principles and the experience of setting up a pipeline
Managing Hybrid and Multi-Cloud environments
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Hexagon Geosystems Services AG
Räffelstrasse 28, 8045 Zürich, Schweiz
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.