Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Concept Manager Bosch Car Service (w/m/div.)
Karlsruhe
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Karlsruhe
Your tasks
We @ AA are responsible for the worldwide Automotive Aftermarket business within Bosch. In more than 150 countries, our 13,000 employees supply customers in trade and workshops with vehicle and commercial vehicle spare parts, modern diagnostic and workshop technology & software for diagnosis and service training. In addition, the Automotive Aftermarket is responsible for the “Bosch Service” workshop concepts, one of the world's largest independent workshop chains.
The Karlsruhe location has been the headquarters of the Bosch Automotive Aftermarket division for over 40 years.
In this job, you are responsible for concept management of the Bosch Car Service Concept within Bosch.
Hereby, you manage and track the commercial KPIs of the Bosch Car Service concept, coordinate harmonization and roll-out of the value proposition for participating workshops in collaboration with local organizations and concept management peers.
You align requirements needed to qualify as concept member and track fulfillment.
Developing services in alignment and collaborating with the entire workshop concepts community is also part of this job.
Last but not least you focus on the implementation and market penetration of the Bosch digital ecosystem components within the workshop network.
Your profile
Education: Completed university degree in the field of economics, business informatics, industrial engineer, or a comparable subject
Personality & Working Practice: Strong result-orientation and high self-motivation, the ability to motivate and to successfully cooperate without having disciplinary responsibility, analytical skills as basis for Business Model Innovation as well as strong presentation and communication capabilities on all hierarchy levels and different target groups
Experience and Knowledge: Advanced experience in Channel Management, Product Management or Project Management in IAM or comparable industries. Experience in Workshop Concepts desirable. Good understanding of the IAM ecosystem and Workshop Concepts
Enthusiasm: Shaping new business approaches based on digitization
Languages: Business fluent in German and English (writing and speaking)
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Auf der Breit 4, 76227 Karlsruhe, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.