Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Hardware-Delevoper Electronic (f/m/div.)
Lollar
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Home Comfort Group is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Lollar
Your tasks
As an electronic developer, you are a central point of contact for all hardware issues relating to the control units and modules of our floor-standing HVAC systems.
You will be responsible for special circuits of a cross-site HW platform and work in a cross-functional, international team.
The analysis and evaluation of requirements for embedded electronics based on current standards and internal guidelines are also part of your job.
Furthermore, you specify and conceptualize HW architectures in the overall system within crosslocated teams and establish standardized circuit modules for different use cases.
You will also be responsible for the circuit layout and design of various electronics (safety and non-safety) for HVAC applications and will accompany development projects up to the industrialization of PCBs.
You verify and commission developed circuits through measurements and simulations such as plan and monitory the integration of the respective electronics into the appliance.
Last but not least, you will organize and implement product maintenance topics such as optimizations or discontinuations.
Your profile
Education: degree (master/diploma) in the field of Electrical Engineering, Mechatronics or a comparable subject with a focus on Electrical Engineering
Personality and Working Practice: responsible, communicative, assertive, interculturally open-minded, independent, goal-oriented as well as entrepreneurial, quality- and cost-conscious
Experience and Knowledge:
extensive experience in the field of electronics development and its integration into applications (e.g. gas/oil boilers)
in-depth know-how in the design of embedded electronics (design, layout, creation of circuit diagrams for analog and digital circuits)
experience in circuit and component simulation, as well as know-how in the field of EMC-compliant design
knowledge in various standards and in the field of robustness/lifetime tests for controls
Languages: very good in English, written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Lollar, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.