Jobs by email
Condo Group GmbH
Intern Data Analyst (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Internship
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
I'm interested
Save
About us
CONDO is the first fully quantitative real-estate asset manager using artificial intelligence and digitization to optimise the asset management live-cycle for residential real estate in Germany. With a unique blend of deep domain expertise, scientific approach and state-of-the-art technology, CONDO delivers best-in-class returns for its investors as compared to industry benchmarks at a high level of efficiency and low management cost.
General Information
We are searching for a highly motivated Data Analyst Intern (m/f/d) to join our team. In this role, you will work alongside experienced professionals and with a state of the art data-stack to help us to collect, store, model and analyze data to make better business decisions.
Your mission
Collect and analyze large data to drive business decisions
Develop data pipelines, data models and dashboards
Support our domain experts with analytics insights and develop KPI to improve our business performance
Assist with ad-hoc data analysis projects as needed
Your profile
You have an interest in data analysis and engineering and ideally first experiences using SQL and Python. 
You are enrolled in or graduated from a study degree with focus on computer science, statistics or quantitative research methods. 
You have the ability to visualize and communicate your results to internal stakeholders. 
You are motivated to learn about data analysis and data engineering and driven to provide value to our business.
You are a supportive and team player type of personality.
Why us?
Your start with us: An intensive onboarding week with various events to get to know your colleagues, our spirit and our products even faster.
Digital lunch vouchers with lots of flexibility (for employment at least 3 months)
Mobility budget: Subsidy for bus and train tickets on public transport (for employment at least 3 months)
Further development: We support you with individual development and further training opportunities, e.g. upgrade your English skills with our online language courses.
Growth: Help shape the development and future of CONDO 
Additional benefits: The world's best team, regular company and team events, modern workplaces, flexible working hours, corporate benefits portal, fresh fruit, cool drinks, delicious coffee, positive communication at eye level.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Condo Group GmbH
Große Elbstraße, 22767 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -