Jobs by email
ZEISS
Project Manager Hardware-in-the-Loop (f/m/x)
, München,
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Plan and control activites for an internal test framework using Hardware-in-the-Loop, delivering at least to 6 different product lines.
Align and coordinate the development of modular test cases following a modular architecture.
Analysis over product requirements to recognize potential for optimization and clustering, derive necessary extensions to the test framework.
Collaborate with Test Managers and Test Architects to decide when to apply different types of testing: functional, regression, performance, load, stress and integration (black, gray and white box testing).  
Synchronize plans for the HiL test framework (portfolio) with existing/ongoing development projects (products). Focus on early testing of developed SW functionality.
Managing of external suppliers at writing work packages, monitoring development and performing acceptance of defined work.
Ihr Profil
University degree in computer science/ informatics, or a comparable qualification.
Solid experience in test automation specially in a commercial environment, ISTQB certification as well as regulated environment experience desirable. Minimum 5 years in similar/same position.
Basis experience in control buses (e.g. CAN/ Ethernet) as well as GUI Testing (Squish, Selenium).
Prior experience in development for complex systems, consisting of hardware and software break down in subsystems/components. Medical and/or Inustrial experience would be highly advantageous.
Proficiency in English and preferably fluency in German (B1) or the willingness to learn German.  
Strong quality awareness, great communication and analytic skills, ability to work in international teams.
Good understanding of agile principles and software development processes, as well as traditional project management tools and methods.
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sabrina Rieker (sabrina.rieker@zeiss.com)
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.