Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software Product Owner for Consumer Sensors (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
We develop the embedded software, algorithms, and applications for MEMS-based consumer sensors for smart phones, hearables, and the Internet of Things, i.e., we get signals from the hardware, process them, and provide the interpreted result to the user.
You lead the software development for the next generation consumer electronics sensors.
You act as the technical requirements owner for our key customer accounts.
You work with the product managers to create, maintain, control, and prioritize product backlog according to the business value and ROI.
You are responsible for guiding and providing vision to the agile team(s) throughout the project.
You plan, monitor and control cost, resources, schedule, quality, risk, and handle the procurement.
Your profile
Personality: Initiative, flexible, self-driven, customer-oriented with entrepreneurial mindset.
Working Practice: Excellent communication and presentation skills, ability to lead cross-regional and multicultural teams.
Experience and Knowledge: 1-3 years of working experience as software product owner/technical project manager for embedded software or DSP software and 2-4 years of hands-on experience on embedded system software development.
Strong understanding of the software development flow, in-depth know-how of agile.
Education: Ph.D., Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or similar technical qualification.
Languages: Proficient English language skills (C1).
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Gerhard-Kindler-Straße 9, 72770 Kusterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.