Jobs by email
Höchstleistungsrechenzentrum der Universität Stuttgart (HLRS)
Software Engineer - Artificial Intelligence on HPC ( m/f/x)
Be an early applicant
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
The High-Performance Computing Center Stuttgart (HLRS) was founded as Germany´s first federal high-performance computing (HPC) center. It operates one of the fastest supercomputers in the world and offers a wide range of HPC solutions and services for universities, research institutions, and industrial partners. Furthermore, HLRS holds a leading position worldwide in the research areas of engineering and global system sciences. Staff scientists at HLRS investigate emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) and quantum computing (QC), and HLRS is significantly involved in international and national research projects across all research areas mentioned above.
Leveraging HPC to drive innovation in AI
AI has left research and innovation labs, and now plays a significant role in our everyday lives. The impact on society is graspable: autonomous driving cars produced by Tesla, voice assistants such as Siri, and AI systems that beat renowned champions in board games like Go. These advances are only possible using powerful computing infrastructures that are based on HPC and include specialized AI hardware. However, to fully leverage the performance of HPC and to support AI workflows on HPC systems in a seamless way, both domains - AI and HPC - must ultimately fully converge, in terms of both software and hardware.
HLRS is currently building its capacity to support users of its HPC systems, specifically those from engineering disciplines, in using AI methodologies for preand postprocessing and combining AI with classical simulations; e.g., using AIbased surrogate models for computationally expensive and time-intensive code blocks. For this reason we are looking for a
Software Engineer – Artificial Intelligence on HPC
(100 %, m/f/x, up to TV-L 13, scientific employee)
HLRS_16_2023
to support our team in contributing to the national project SiVeGCS. SiVeGCS coordinates and ensures the continued availability of the supercomputing resources of the Gauss Centre for Supercomputing (GCS) within Germany-s national supercomputing infrastructure.
The advertised position offers the opportunity to complete a doctorate degree, which is actively supported by HLRS.
Your job
In SiVeGCS, you and your team members will plan and implement a support strategy for using and applying artificial intelligence on HPC systems. The strategy not only includes user support, but also aims to develop collaborations with our academic and industrial users to implement novel and efficient hybrid HPC/AI solutions.
As an AI expert within our team, you will be responsible for performing research on hybrid HPC/AI workflows. Of special interest for us is the combination of classical simulations (e.g., computational fluid dynamics, CFD) with methodologies of big data, machine learning, and deep learning.
In your daily work, you will apply your machine learning and deep learning skills to implement AI solutions using the latest open source frameworks, such as Apache Spark, TensorFlow, and PyTorch.
To determine what hardware is best suited for an AI problem of interest, and to ensure scalability of your code across hundreds of GPUs, you will perform profiling and benchmarking of your applications.
You will organize and run workshops, hold tutorials, and give presentations for HLRS-s academic and industrial users on topics concerning AI for HPC. Our goal is to offer both introductory courses on AI and in-depth training for our advanced users.
You will disseminate your results at workshops, conferences, and events.
Your qualifications
You have successfully completed a university degree in engineering, data science, or a comparable qualification with a technical focus.
You are fluent in English and have good knowledge in German, both written and spoken.
You have a demonstrated interest in interdisciplinary research, especially in the fields of artificial intelligence, high-performance computing, and simulation.
You are responsible and enjoy working in a team; at the same time, you work independently and pragmatically.
You have good programming skills in at least one established high-level language such as Python or C++ and experience with parallel programming paradigms.
You have both theoretical and practical experience in the use of methods from the fields of machine learning or deep learning.
You have experience in working with well-established AI frameworks and libraries such as scitkit-learn, Apache Spark, TensorFlow, or PyTorch.
Ideally, your profile is completed as follows
You bring basic Linux knowledge, and already have experience with the use of GPU training and HPC systems.
You have experience with programming in CUDA.
You have basic knowledge of high-performance computing (e.g., simulations, parallelization, job management)
You have experience in conducting workshops and providing user support.
You are familiar with agile methods of software development.
You have experience with version control systems like Git or SVN.
You think conceptually and have a solution-oriented way of working.
As a member of our team you can expect
A professional working environment in a highly motivated international team.
Exciting insights into the latest and best technologies in the fields of simulation, big data, artificial intelligence, and quantum computing.
A very good working atmosphere in an interdisciplinary team of top scientists and project partners.
Flexible working hours, including choice between trust-based working hours or a flextime model.
The possibility of arrangements for working independently of location (e. g., home office) (dt. ortsunabhängiges Arbeiten).
Contract and remuneration according to the collective agreement of the federal states (TV-L).
Attractive social benefits of the public sector.
Allowance of -25 per month for local public transport.
Use of the wide range of further education and training opportunities (e. g., soft skills, languages, specialist courses, management seminars) and the sports facilities of the University of Stuttgart (on-site and virtual).
Additional information
This position is a temporary position offered in accordance with the TzBfG regulations for scientific employees. Employment in this position is limited to the duration of the project, which is scheduled to run until 31.12.2024. Salary for this position is based on your personal qualifications up to the level of TV-L 13.
When possible, HLRS is committed to supporting and retaining talent even at the conclusion of projects. Before the project ends, HLRS will examine what possibilities might exist for extending your contract based on funding that is available at that time.
You will be working at HLRS within the Service Management and Business Processes (SANE) group headed by Dennis Hoppe.
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Höchstleistungsrechenzentrum der Universität Stuttgart (HLRS)
70569 Stuttgart, Deutschland