Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Software Architect for a Smart Sensor Ecosystem (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
We support our customers with sensor boards, calibration and fusion libraries, AI and ML functionality, tools to visualize and analyze all signals, and finally cross compilers for our smart sensors. Key is an integration into one ecosystem which supports the complete development chain from data recording up to use case development.
As software architect, you are responsible for the architecture, design, and operations of this software ecosystem.
Define an architecture for cross platform development of sensor-based application in close collaboration with firmware and cloud architects.
MEMS newbies want to experience our products, system experts would like to optimize all non-functional requirements and application experts want to focus on their domain specific problems. You provide them tailor-made views.
You work in an agile team of highly skilled developers and enjoy diversity in education, experience, nationality, and mentality.
Your profile
Personality: Innovative and open-minded, entrepreneurial, customer-oriented, keen to create something new as part of international teams.
Experience: You have minimum 3 years of practical experience with cross platform architectures and development environments on a PC for embedded targets. You can define interfaces between components and align with cross-domain teams.
Knowledge: You have very good knowledge about embedded development and C/C++ compiler integration. You are very good in at least one cross platform application development tool like Flutter or React. You have understanding about embedded software on a µC and the constraints, alternatively you have knowledge in TinyML and embedded AI infrastructures like Tensorflow lite micro and the Python ecosystem.
Languages: Proficient English language skills (C1), German is a plus.
Education: Degree (M.Sc./Dipl.) in computer science or similar technology related programs or a proven excellent track record from another company.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Gerhard-Kindler-Straße 9, 72770 Kusterdingen, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.