Jobs by email
Bosch Rexroth
Software developer support- and automation functions for mobile applications (f/m/div.)
Elchingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Rexroth
Economical, precise, safe, and energy efficient: drive and control technology from Bosch Rexroth moves machines and systems of any size. Under the global Rexroth brand innovative components, tailored system solutions and service offerings are marketed for Mobile Applications, Machinery Applications and Engineering and Factory Automation.
The Bosch Rexroth AG is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Elchingen
Your tasks
As a software developer (f/m/div.) for application software, you develop the requirements, architecture and design of software platforms for mobile machines and their support- and automation functions in an agile team.
Furthermore, you are responsible for the generation of functions with our SW architecture MASAR within the model-based development (preferably in Matlab/Simulink) and ensure the quality with accompanying simulations and tests.
In addition, you enjoy being in close contact with customers and regional developers, as well as optimizing functions on machines.
You will also help to ensure that our platform solution for the local market is used by customers and the global Bosch Rexroth developer network.
Your profile
Education: Graduate degree in computer science, control engineering, engineering cybernetics, electrical engineering/mechatronics ,physics or comparable.
Working experience and Know-How: Professional experience in software engineering with expertise in the application of appropriate methods and tools for embedded electronics.
Personality and working style: You enjoy working in a team and in an international environment, and you are passionate about software and technical functions in work machines, commercial vehicles or passenger cars.
Languages: Fluent in English and German, both written and spoken.
What we offer
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Rexroth
Glockeraustraße, 89275 Elchingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -