Jobs by email
Konica Minolta Business Solutions Europe GmbH
IT Application Specialist for Intelligent Print Services (m/f/d)
Langenhagen bei Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
*You remain calm and analytical, even when things get hectic - because you are sure that there is a solution to every problem. You like to help our customers as quickly as possible and also see the really meaningful side of your job every day: people who are grateful to you because you made their day.
About us
As an IT service provider, we accompany our customers through the digital era: with market-leading office and production printing systems, smart IT and business software solutions, and an innovative video services and healthcare portfolio. From hardware to software through to services and consulting solutions: we create added value through intelligently connected data in the workplace. RETHINK is what drives us. Trying things out, seizing opportunities, finding innovative solutions. To make this happen, we provide an exciting working environment to our more than 9,000 employees across Europe.
Your work scope to rethink impact
As an IT Application Specialist IPS (m/f/d) you will use best practices and methodologies to design as well as customize, implement and extend functionality in the IPS (Intelligent Print Services) area. 
You will be responsible for implementing changes through parameterization or program development based on change requests and will also be responsible for quality assurance. 
You support our internal departments with the selection of the best options for implementing the requirements.
You take care of the technical documentation of the processes and applications and support the application operation as well as activities in the 2nd and 3rd level support. 
You will support the IT Business Consultants by proposing the best technical implementation of the business requirements, ensuring application consistency. 
You will work in an international environment and create solutions for our domestic and international subsidiaries.
Of course, you will first get to know our products and internal processes. A strong team is always around you, training courses make you fit for action. A buddy is there for you.
Speaking of the team: There are currently about 10 smart people at different locations in Europe - all of them feel connected at the location and virtually in the team. 
With all this, you also enjoy flexibility of place and time. Mobile working is part of our culture. Travel accounts for approximately 10%. 
Your skills to rethink impact
Ideally, you have a degree in computer science or a comparable technical education with several years of professional experience in a similar position or in the area of software support.
Knowledge in the area of Microsoft (MS) Server, such as MS Server OS and MS Server SQL as well as in the hardware and network area complete your profile.
You quickly recognize what is important and skillfully lead other people to solutions with heart and mind. You can translate your special knowledge for all target groups in a suitable and understandable way. You never lose sight of your customers, their wishes and expectations in your day-to-day work.
Working together with your team is the ideal basis for achieving your goals. But you also see cross-departmental and external networking as an enrichment.
Your excellent communication skills in English also make it easy for you to express messages that are both on point and appropriate for the respective target group.
You are willing to travel occasionally within Europe.
We also encourage people with severe disabilities to apply for the advertised position.
 Your benefits to expect
Work where and how you want: Flexible working hours and a modern mobile working concept allow you to organise your working day in the way that suits you best.
Time for rest: With a full-time contract and a 38.5-hour week, you get 30 days of annual leave. If 24 December and 31 December fall on a weekday, we will give you these days as additional holidays.
Choice of working hours: Scope for your decision: With us, you can either opt for trust-based working hours or for time recording.
Well-provided for: We support you with capital-forming benefits.
Well-catered at work: At our headquarters in Langenhagen, a varied menu awaits you in our "Work Café".
Attractive location: We offer free parking and ideal connections to the public infrastructure.
One bike, many advantages: Whether for the way to work or for private tours: With our company bike leasing offer you can secure your dream bike and benefit from attractive tax advantages through direct deferred compensation.
Fit and healthy at work: Ergonomic workstations, a health portal and sports activities organised by colleagues await you.
Secure exclusive benefits: With our partners, you receive great special conditions with well-known manufacturers and brands as well as for fitness studios, insurances, events and much more.
Would you like to learn more about us and our benefits? Then take a look at our career page.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Please write to us at jobs@jobs.konicaminolta.eu, quoting Job ID 3700 (exclusively for queries, applications are only accepted online via the applicant platform).
We will contact you as soon as possible.
Job ID: 3700
Don't miss out on your biggest deal - apply with us
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Konica Minolta Business Solutions Europe GmbH
Europaallee 17, 30855 Langenhagen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -