Jobs by email
Simpson Strong-Tie GmbH
IT System Engineer (m/f/d)
Be an early applicant
Bad Nauheim
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Simpson Strong-Tie is an international building products company with multiple locations across Europe. As a pioneer in the building industry and a world leader in structural solutions, we have an unmatched passion for problem solving through skillful engineering and thoughtful innovation. Our dedication to pursuing ever-better construction products and technology and to surrounding our customers with exceptional service and support has been core to our mission since 1956.
Since 2022, ETANCO Group is part of Simpson Strong-Tie. The acquisition strengthens our overall product portfolio in Europe, enabling us to deliver even more value to our customers. In Europe, we now have about 1600 employees across several countries. And we share a long history of dedication to our customers' success by providing them with exceptional products, technical solutions and services.
To strengthen our team, we are looking for an experienced IT System Engineer to guide the creation, installation, maintenance and support for computing systems. 
Ihre Aufgaben
Responsibilities in this position include:
Architect, automate, and manage corporate server infrastructure, cloud computing platforms, and enterprise applications (O365, Mail, etc)
Work closely with other IT teams to implement, support and maintain new technologies
Installing, configuring, maintaining, troubleshooting, monitoring and automating tasks for various systems based on Windows Server 2016 and above, Software Deployment Systems and VMWare 6/7
Managing DNS, DHCP
Managing backup solutions
Monitoring day to day activity and respond to system alerts of servers deployed in the virtualized environments
Diagnose advanced IT and computer systems issues
Engages other support teams or vendor to determine technical configuration requirements when necessary  
Ihr Profil
REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE 
Post-secondary education such as a bachelor’s degree or master’s degree or equivalent combination of education (training and/or experience) in Computer Science, Information Technology or Engineering.
5 years or greater of experience in similar jobs positions
Any certification on VMWare, Microsoft (including Azure) environments will be considered a plus
Good knowledge on Windows Operating Systems 
Advanced experience in managing Windows Server technologies including System Center (SCCM, SCOM), and VMWare and the optimization of these platforms
Demonstrated experience with SCCM would be a nice to have skill
Demonstrated experience with backup solutions like Veeam and/or Rubrik
Experience designing, developing, modifying and troubleshooting highly complex Information Technology systems
Experience deriving system requirements from stakeholder and mission needs
Experience developing system architectures
Candidates need creativity to imagine innovative, effective new solution and designs
Both oral and written communication skills are needed to relay important information and communicating about solution to complex problems
Good written and spoken English skill essential 
TRAVEL REQUIRED
This job requires up to 10% travel.
WORK STATUS & LOCATION
This full-time position is located in Germany (Bad Nauheim) or France (Sainte Gemme la Plaine).
Remote working is possible in the role.
Wir bieten
BENEFITS
Challenging position within a global organization
Strong team ethic in a great environment
We value support, collaboration, and respect
Secure and permanent employment
Understanding of different culture
Modern working environment and workplace equipment
Home Office working (under certain conditions)
Staff events
Complimentary beverages
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Simpson Strong-Tie GmbH
Hubert-Vergölst-Straße 6, 61231 Bad Nauheim, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -