Jobs by email
CARIAD
(Senior) Hardware Engineer - Sensor Development ADAS & AD (m/f/d)
Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
At CARIAD, it’s our mission to transform automotive mobility for everyone, everywhere, making it safer, more sustainable, and more comfortable in every way. To deliver on that promise, we’re building a unified technology and software platform, including a vehicle OS and cloud platform, as well as a unified architecture. As a 100% subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group, we’re developing solutions for all of its brands, including Volkswagen, Audi, and Porsche, and will bring our software to over 40 million vehicles by 2030.
Is this an easy task? Not at all! To tackle such a huge challenge, we need a great team. And that’s where you come in. You’ll join more than 5,000 CARIDIANS already working on the latest vehicle features and functions like automated driving, state-of-the-art charging technology, as well as a new digital ecosystem. Together, we’re bringing sustainable change to one of the largest companies in the world.
YOUR TEAM
We are building the leading tech stack across various domains that will enable automotive mobility that is safer, more sustainable and more comfortable for millions of customers globally.
We are working on one unified tech stack for best-in-class automated driving and parking as well as advanced driver assistance systems. Developing our functions for the biggest vehicle fleet in the market we will make automotive mobility safer and create the new comfort of driving.
#NextGenDriverAssistance&nbsp;#HardwareDevelopment
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Responsibility of electrical integration of sensors (required power, connector, electrical interfaces)
Coordination, moderation and execution of hardware reviews and communication interface reviews (layout, schematics, power supply stability, oscillator design, communication transceivers, etc.)
Creation of specifications for partner ECUs, which have an electrical interface to the sensor
Specification, development and validation of sensor heating, cleaning and thermal concepts
Coordination and moderation of design FMEAs
Planning and coordination of sensor sample generations (A-sample, B-sample, C-sample, PPAP) including the planning of the validation of hardware in the different stages (EMC, Design Verification Tests, Product Verification Tests)
Design, specification and coordination of the measurement / debug interface hardware for different sensors
WHO YOU ARE
Degree in electronics engineering or similar
Several years of professional experience in automotive
Excitement about innovation and hardware
Expert knowledge in electronics, circuit design, electrical design, electrical concepts, sensors, actuators and thermal design
Knowledge in EDA software, scripting languages (e.g. Python) and simulation software (e.g. ANSYS)
Good soft skills, assertive behavior, managing suppliers and third parties
Fluent in German and English
NICE TO KNOW
Remote work options
Temporary work from abroad in selected countries
Flextime / optional working hours
Company pension plan
Annual professional development
Sabbatical option up to 6 months
30 days paid + 10 days unpaid leave
Possibility for VW Group car leasing
If you have further questions about the candidate journey at Cariad, talk to Cari, our Cariad Chatbot.&nbsp;Can’t see it? Check your settings or visit our&nbsp;FAQ
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
CARIAD
Ingolstadt, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.