Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Architect and Algorithm Developer (m/f/d)
Oberkochen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Join us to challenge the limits of imagination in the field of optics metrology! As a software architect you will be a part of an algorithm team, whose mission is to achieve picometer precision for EUV optics. Combining your expertise and personality you are both, coach and creative mind, for new software & data management solutions within the ZEISS environment under consideration of security, quality, customer needs and compliance.
Your role
Create and develop process software and algorithms in an agile environment keeping in mind the needs of our stakeholders.
Requirements & solution engineering for software solutions in a EUV optics fabrication process
Implement a stable deployment strategy in an DevOps context
Be a leading mind in software and data management solutions for complex interferometers
Take responsibility in software and algorithm management and be responsible for release management, testing & deployment
Collaborate with internal and external partners to ensure seamless delivery and timely results for our customers
Create and push forward an active digital network within ZEISS entities
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree (Ph.D. preferred) in a quantitative discipline such as computer science, physics, mathematics, engineering, or similar
At least 3+ years of experience as Software Developer and/or Software Architect
A very strong motivation to build solutions based on profound domain knowledge, i.e. the willingness to delve into the fields of interferometry and optics
Experience with DevOps topics like CI/CD, automated testing, configuration of logging and monitoring systems, infrastructure management etc.
A strong software engineering background including a strong proficiency in Python and familiarity with agile software development (git, Azure DevOps)
High self-motivation & strong team player
Strong communication, presentation, and project management skills
Language level at least B2 in German and English
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Liz Torres, Nico Gebhardt
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.