Jobs by email
Eurowings Digital GmbH
Agile Coach – Leadership Development (f/m/diverse) - Hybrid
Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
We want to unfold the world to our customers. Eurowings Digitals mission is to deliver the most convenient and affordable end2end travel experience by connecting the physical and digital world. While our customers enjoy their journey, we take charge of a carefree travel experience. Not only offering quality flights for affordable prices, but being a travel companion all along the way. From their first inspiration to their favorite travel memories. Therefore we launched a whole new company which puts their customer into their total focus. Together we are going to discover, develop and test new products along the whole customer journey, on- and offline. In agile and diverse teams we will revolutionize the way of travelling.
Tasks
Do you share our passion for the world of travel and want to be part of a driven and high performing team? Join Eurowings Digital as Agile Coach – Leadership Development (f/m/diverse) and take responsibility in the development of our company! 
Your Mission
You work towards an inclusive & engaging leadership culture. The role is dedicated to an authentic employer value proposition by working with the leadership team as a multiplier for retaining talents.
Your Tasks
As Agile Coach – Leadership Development (f/m/diverse) you will focus on developing our leaders within the company in the following areas:
You coach and train the leadership team in regards to servant leadership and agile methodology as well as enterprise mindset
You increase agile leadership maturity level within the company through proactively identifying formats for reflection and deepening knowledge
You offer guidance, consultation and 1:1 coaching for leaders
You train the leadership team in regard to servant leadership and agile methodology as well as enterprise mindset
You moderate and facilitate group activities e.g. team workshops, retrospectives etc.
You share knowledge, skills & perspectives that foster the personal and professional growth of colleagues
Requirements
Your Profile
You have a deep understanding of agile frameworks (tools, methodology and models)
You are passionate about agility and have several years of experience in leadership development, working as a Scrum Master and/or Agile Coach
You are a good observer, always keep the overview and are capable to think outside the box
You have strong communication and facilitation skills in English
You work in a self-organized manner, are open minded while knowing what it takes to bring our organization to the next level
You understand our organization/roles and are able to suggest trainings and coaching for behavioral development
You foster an environment of agile values to inspect & adapt the way of working
You are able to find the source of a conflict while creating an environment to identify the cause
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Eurowings Digital GmbH
Schanzenstraße 6-20, 51063 Köln, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.