Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Developer (m/w/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
  In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
  Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
  Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
  Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
As a software architect, you will redesign the hardware and software architecture together with the project team to create a revolutionary product
You will be in close contact with the ophthalmologists and adapt the product to the wishes of the customer through agile methods
You will lead the software development team technical
Focus will be on a modularized approach to software architecture to enable high reusability
You will take our software stack to the next level by using the latest technologies
Ihr Profil
An excellent university degree in the field of computer science or a related field
professional knowledge in OO software development (preferably C++) as well as experience in OO software design and modeling with description languages such as UML
Experience in robotics and real-time systems
Good knowledge of C++ 11/14/17/20
Experience with the Qt Framework (non GUI) as well as with CMake, Conan, Yocto would be desirable
Good communication skills in German and Englisch
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Anna Dollhofer, Sabrina Rieker
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.