Jobs by email
BMW Group
Middleware C++ Software Engineer for Linux (f/m/x)
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Software Development team in Ulm is currently seeking a
Middleware C++ Software Engineer for Linux (f/m/x)
Tasks
At BMW Car IT, a wholly owned subsidiary of BMW AG, we live and breathe software. We design and implement embedded software for electronic control units of the BMW cars as well as related tools and frameworks. By delivering software all the way from the idea to the final product we lead BMW into the future of digitalization and mobility.
Our department's area of responsibility is the design and development of middleware components for a Linux based operating system in connected cars. We develop software that pulls all strings together, communicates with cloud services and realizes innovative customer functions inside the car. We work in areas of remote software update, telematics & connectivity, context-aware systems and application platforms.
What awaits you?
You will extend our international team in the development of forward-looking software solutions for highly interconnected automotive software features.
As part of our dynamic and agile team you will ensure robustness, performance, and security aspects within the software design.
The result of your effort is high-quality software which becomes an integral part of BMW vehicles.
You will be working in a modern development environment with tools such as C++14/17, Yocto Linux, CMake, Git/GitHub EE, Zuul CI.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in computer science or a comparable course of study.
At least 2 years of practical software development experience.
Very good coding skills in Modern C++, including good API design, object-oriented and functional programming, as well as component-level software architecture.
Very good knowledge in at least five of the following areas: Linux system programming, Networking, CMake, Yocto, Python, Boost, Security, multi-platform development.
Self-driven and able to work independently as member of a Scrum team.
Business-fluent English is required, German would be an advantage.
You're a C++ developer with a strong passion for Linux and you want to join us on the journey to take BMW's premium mobility to a new technological level? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer in Ulm?
Company car option.
English speaking teams in an intercultural setting.
Flexible organization of working times & mobile work arrangements.
High Work-Life Balance.
Career development & continuous personal qualification.
Relocation Services for our new employees.
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: Full-time
Job Reference: 64139
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
89081 Ulm, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.