Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes 3DExcite GmbH
Unreal Technical Artist (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Your role:
Dassault Systèmes is the second largest software manufacturer in Europe and has been a dynamically growing, innovative company since 1981.
In this role, you will be part of our 3DEXCITE Services team, which is responsible as Unreal Technical Artist (m/f/d) to the team that provides state of the art marketing and sales oriented solutions for experiences on mobile, desktop and AR/VR platforms.
As an expert you will work on the components to support configurable 3D visualization solutions for Marketing and Sales. The team develops these components for scalable solutions across our services solution portfolio.
 #Unreal #Blueprints #CGI #Development 
Your responsibilities:
As an Unreal Technical Artist (m/f/d), you will work closely with artists and programmers to optimize assets and pipelines. You will also have the opportunity to develop tools and workflows, implement technical art features, and perform debugging on tools and processes. The main and usual functions of the Unreal Technical Artist (m/f/d) are to:
Set up and maintain production pipelines and workflows
Develop and test tools that will be used by the artists to improve and assist their work in production
Work with Art Leads, Technical Directors and QA to ensure that all the assets conform to technical requirements 
Share best practices, conduct training sessions to the team to ensure proper use of tools and methods 
Produce and maintain documentation on tools, methods, trainings, processes, and engine limits for consultation and future reference
Gatekeeper of Tech Art constraints, pushing for top visual quality and performance
Your qualifications:
At least 5 years of work experience in a similar role
Strong expertise in Unreal Engine with Blueprints, and a solid understanding of the shading system (building and debugging) and materials in general
Familiarity with version control and deployment systems (Git, Perforce, Rez, Pip, etc)
Optimization and Profiling
Python scripting
Knowledge of Qt, PySide and a good UI design sense
Able to write user documentation and to provide artist training
Experience working with databases and production/asset management solutions such as Shotgrid or FTrack
One or several of these would be considered a plus:
Experience in working with USD and MaterialX
Substance Designer Experience
Production experience in the CGI industry (e. g., VFX, games, animation, visualization, etc)
What's in it for you?
A permanent job in a sustainable, innovative, science-oriented international company
An open, creative, dynamic work environment in a motivated team
Varied challenging and rewarding tasks
Attractive training opportunities, supportive colleagues
Opportunity to shape the future of our service and beyond
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Dassault Systemes 3DExcite GmbH
München, Deutschland