Jobs by email
Continental AG
Controlling Analyst Commercial Specialty Tires (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2020, Continental generated sales of €37.7 billion and currently employs more than 192,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary. With its premium portfolio in the car, truck, bus, two-wheel and specialty tire segment, the Tires business area stands for innovative top performance in tire technology. Services for dealers and fleet management as well as digital tire monitoring and management systems are further areas of focus. The aim is to contribute to safe, economical and sustainable mobility.
Job Description
Would you like to support the Management Team in shaping the strategic development of the global business of Commercial Specialty Tires (CST)? Are you interested in operational and strategic data analysis, and do you like to support the month-end closing process?
Then apply today for a position as Controlling Analyst Commercial Specialty Tires!
Your Tasks:
Supporting the management by operational and strategic data analysis of current and future business scenarios
Developing strategy scenarios and consulting the Business Fields within specialty Tires in the decision-making processes
Consulting the Business Field heads on Profit and Loss and securing a meaningful financial reporting according to internal requirements and in compliance with relevant rules and policies
Supporting the CST month-end closing process as well as the monthly forecasting process
Supporting the budget process for CST and ensuring a 5-year-strategy for the segment
Analyzing the CST figures and supporting business decisions - e.g. sourcing, expansion, profitability
Qualifications
Academic degree in Business studies, Economics, or comparable qualification
Several years of professional experience in different controlling areas of responsibility
Good knowledge of systems and internal processes, ideally within Sector Tires
Preferred knowledge of SAP, KNIME and Power BI
Innovative, quality- & result-oriented mindset
Fluent English language skills (written and spoken)
International experience and intercultural sensitivity desirable
Passion for Specialty Tires
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome. 
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits. Find out more about Continental's Benefits.
Network with our Recruiter Torben Schilke
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Büttnerstraße, Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -