Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
Data Engineer - Data Driven Offers (f/m/x)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 17 hours ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002FLO_EN
Tasks
Who we are
The Mercedes-Benz Group is one of the most successful automotive companies of the world. With Mercedes-Benz AG, the car manufacturer is one of the largest providers of premium and luxury cars and vans.
Our department “Marketing & Sales / Data Driven Offers” supports sales of Mercedes-Benz products as well as the strategic decision making of the company by using AI and Big Data Analytics. We are dedicated to data-driven innovation in order to strengthen our position at the top of the automotive industry. Building up and making use of our customer data are one of our key strategic priorities. With our agile, diverse, and vibrant culture, we provide the ideal work environment for fostering creativity and innovation in data.
For our team “Data Driven Offers”, we are currently looking for a Data Engineer for our vehicle data platform. This platform enables us to collect and analyze personalized vehicle usage data in order to provide our customers tailor-made information and offers based on their individual vehicle usage behavior. If you enjoy developing machine learning products in an automotive context together with a team of experts from data science, data engineering, IT and the business side, apply here now!
Your responsibilities will be:
Design, build, deploy, and maintain scalable and reliable databases and data pipelines on the Azure cloud platform
Collaborate with our data scientists and domain experts on developing and operationalizing new machine learning-driven use cases
Integrate new use cases into our code base and continuously refine this code base to ensure maintainability and manage complexity
Manage our code repositories and CI/CD pipelines
Implement and improve processes and systems to monitor data quality to minimize data losses and ensure the accuracy of our production data
You will contribute towards shaping the long-term strategy for our vehicle data platform
Qualifications
What you will ideally bring:
Completed Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in computer science, engineering or a related area
3 years+ working experience in a similar role, for example as a data engineer, data scientist, or software developer
Advanced knowledge in at least one object-oriented programming language – ideally Python – and SQL
Familiarity with software design best practices like SOLID
Experience with big data frameworks like Spark and Kafka for both batch and stream processing
Experience in building and optimizing data pipelines and databases, ideally on Azure with services like Databricks, Data Factory, Data Lake, Event Hubs, etc.
Familiarity with Git as well as CI/CD and DevOps principles and tools
Knowledge of containerization technologies like Docker
Experience with MLOps tools like mlflow would be a plus
Be a team player with the ability to share your knowledge in a pragmatic way with both technical and non-technical audiences
An agile mindset and strong analytical skills to identify and solve complex problems in a systematic and pragmatic manner
Good English skills, German is a plus
What we will offer:
Contribute towards building & selling sophisticated vehicles
Play a part in the transformation of Mercedes-Benz towards digital and electrified vehicles for more sustainable, greener mobility
Work in team with talented data engineers, data scientists, and developers with state-of-the-art technologies
Many growth opportunities with both technical and management career paths
35 hour work week
30 vacation days
Inclusive, respectful work environment where you can talk with managers on equal footing
Work in a hybrid setting in Stuttgart on a modern campus with good access to public transport and motorways as well as an excellent cantina
For your planning, we would like to make the process transparent to you. The application phase runs for about 4 weeks, i.e. until April 2023. The selection interviews will then take place in April, so that a decision for the right candidate will be made by the end of April.
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv-zentrale@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
70565 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.