Jobs by email
Kaufland e-commerce
Cyber Risk Manager (f/m/d)
Köln, Darmstadt, Düsseldorf, Home-Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Anstellungsdetails
Permanent contract, full-time or part-time, Cologne / Darmstadt / Düsseldorf / Remote
Info
Who we are
We operate Kaufland.de: Several thousand sellers and millions of products make us one of the fastest growing online marketplaces.  Our work is characterised by a dynamic corporate culture, with a start-up mentality and the opportunities offered by a large corporation in the background. We combine knowledge and many years of experience in e-commerce with flat hierarchies and a highly motivated team. Whether as an intern or an executive: We take every idea seriously, because we want to work together in shaping the future of e-commerce!
We love flexibility! We offer you the best environment to work in a flexible and focused way: You decide whether you want to work in our office in Cologne // Darmstadt // Düsseldorf while at the same time having the opportunity to work remotely (Germany). We want to offer you the most attractive workplace in e-commerce and a maximum of flexibility for your personal work-life balance.
Day-by-day, our development team of about 250 experts pursues the goal of creating the best-possible customer shopping experience for the Kaufland.de marketplace. We are here to inspire millions of customers, to help them find, purchase and get the things they love. To enrich the lives of our customers, we collaborate in cross-functional teams, in which product owners, product designers, frontend and backend engineers, data scientists and lean managers join forces. Details regarding the challenges of the respective product areas can be found here:  https://kaufland-ecommerce.com/en/team/tech/. 
If you feel excited that you will not be mandating security measures, but you will be kept honest having to argue for them? Excited about finding a way to get data to back up arguments and not just having theoretical discussions about not-existent issues? Then this is the job for you.
Detail
You will be part of a growing Information Security Team driving information security initiatives further in our organization to ensure security by default in our way of thinking. Together with our colleagues from IT Security and Company Risk Management, we aim to create a symbiosis of security and modern ways to build and operate software while still being compliant with internal and external requirements. 
Your tasks – this is what awaits you in detail
You level up our Information Security by implementing an Information Security Risk Framework based on stakeholder requirements 
Based on that you evaluate new risks and coordinate treatments with the respective stakeholders within our Tech & Product organization 
You enable your colleagues to perform project risk assessments on their own 
You act as a contact person between Information Security and Company Risk Management colleagues to ensure consistency within reporting 
You support the operation of an Information Security Management System 
Your profile – this is what we expect from you
You have gained first working experience in the field of risk management, information technology and or information security in the relevant standards (e.g. ISO/IEC 270xxx)
You have a doer and team-player mentality, a strong sense of ownership and project-management skills
You have the drive to continuously develop both yourself and your colleagues further in order to become a better every day
You are able to come up with creative solutions quickly and improve them over time following the 80/20 principle
You have excellent communication skills, you are willing to embrace our company culture and values, and you enjoy working in an international, English-speaking team 
And German skills would be a plus!
What we offer
Create your own work-life! We offer you the best possible flexibility in terms of working hours and location
A highly-motivated and qualified team from different fields and numerous nations
You would like to move to Germany? No problem - we offer you an attractive relocation package for a smooth start
The future is digital - Develop the e-commerce of the future with us and work on a product with millions of users with a broadly-based technology stack
Power meets dynamic - flat hierarchies and start-up mentality meet the power of a big corporate group and offers you an agile and secure working environment at the same time
Free choice of hardware – we provide you with the development environment of your choice
Personal & team growth: We love to have flexibility in terms of working location, but we also believe that personal interactions are important. That’s why we organize company events, and cover the costs to bring you there and to other (approved) get togethers with your peers. The same applies to conferences and other learning opportunities. We want everybody to grow personally and professionally, as a team and as a company
Top conditions at the Urban Sports Club for fitness, team sports, yoga and more
Check out our Principles & our  blog for even more insights into our company culture!
Refer an Engineer Program
You want to work for us, but not without your dearest colleague? Join us as a team and earn money by referring your buddy for one of our open Tech positions! Depending on the level we offer a bonus up to 1.300,- € per referral, which will be paid after successful recruitment (the first part with your first salary, the second part after your buddy passes the trial period).
Bewerben
Why are you the perfect fit for this position? Don't bother with cover letters - we're interested in facts and figures!
As we have very international teams, we would highly appreciate it to receive your CV or profile link in English.
Ansprechpartner
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Kaufland e-commerce
Habsburgerring 2, 50674 Köln, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Coaching
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.