Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
Go Developer (m/f/d) - onsite or remote within the EU
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
We are currently looking for a skilled Go Developer to join the backend team of our Shop Applications Unit onsite in Hamburg or remote within the EU.
The Shop Applications Unit constantly improves the App, Mobile Website, and Desktop Website. These big-scale products are each visited by several million people every month. Our highly scalable API updates and delivers our product data for our shop frontends in real-time – in peak times with up to millions of requests per minute! In that case, it truly matters if an API call takes 200ms or 50ms to ensure the best shopping experience. The team constantly challenges itself to raise the bar of what is “state of the art” and to provide the fastest and most efficient solutions to upcoming projects.
  Challenges the team will be working on in the next months:
Working on a new backend API with the goal to unify core business logic to significantly reduce complexity in our frontends
Hardening and optimization of the API for production use
Finding solutions for challenges we face as we grow
What you will do
Develop a gRPC API in Go that encapsulates core business logic in a simple to use API for our frontend developers
Improve scalability and technical performance of our API and its response times 
Work on a high-scalable product in the AWS ecosystem
Draft architectural decisions together with our Tech Lead and explore new technologies
Have a direct impact on team processes by regular agile retrospectives
Exchange your knowledge with other developers and be part of our ABOUT YOU TECH community
Who you are
You have 3+ years of experience in building complex backend API’s
You are very proficient in Go development 
You have good knowledge of Elasticsearch and indexing products
You have experience in working with relational databases (e.g. MySQL) and key-value stores (e.g. Redis)
You write well-structured, efficient, and maintainable code and actively keep the quality of the codebase in check
You have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and enjoy building scalable distributed systems
You are used to working in an English speaking & agile environment
    Nice to have: 
  You have experience in the AWS Ecosystem (Cloud Formation, Terraform, ElastiCache, etc.), Bamboo 
You have experience with gRPC or GraphQL 
You are familiar with centralized logging, monitoring, and alerting solutions
You understand DevOps, Containerization and Cloud solutions
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest-growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for a gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux) also for private usage
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
International working environment and English as a company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Free Laracasts and Egghead account 
Help in relocation and VISA process
YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU.
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! Thus, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland