Jobs by email
Mercedes - Benz AG
MB.UX HMI Software Developer UIKit (f/m/x)
Sindelfingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: ORG00001QM
Tasks
The Mercedes-Benz Group AG is one of the most successful automotive companies in the world. With Mercedes-Benz AG and the divisions Mercedes-Benz Cars, Mercedes-Benz Vans and Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG, the vehicle manufacturer is one of the largest and most successful suppliers of premium cars.
At Mercedes-Benz, we shape the automobile generations of the future. We are a highly motivated team within the development of the UI software for MBUX, i.e. the part of the MBUX software that provides our customers with the user interface. Our work is what our customers see and experience directly when they interact with MBUX and is therefore a formative part of the user experience in our vehicles. Specifically, our team develops the UIKit (UI Software Core) internally.
We are looking for senior software engineers that have a passion for embedded software solutions preferably in the automotive industry.
Your tasks
Develop UIKit features for our automotive infotainment system MBUX in an agile development workflow (C++/Linux/Android)
Create, collect and clarify architectural requirements with internal and external stakeholders
Develop high quality code and verify using unit, system, and integration test code to ensure code quality and robustness
Work close to hardware for testing and optimization on target platforms
Act according the standards of the automotive industry, in-car applications and software development processes
Create and maintain code design documents on high level and/or component level
Qualifications
What you bring to the table
University degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a comparable qualification
Minimum 3 years experience in Android based application development preferably for automotive infotainment platform
Experience with the Android SDK, Core java, NDK
Experience working with Android frameworks and its customization
Experience working in agile software frameworks such as SCRUM, Kanban, SAFe, or LeSS
Experience in applying international software standards such as CMMI, Automotive SPICE, or automotive cybersecurity standards is a plus
Business-fluent English, German is a plus
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB).
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: SBV-Sindelfingen@mercedes-benz.com
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes - Benz AG
71063 Sindelfingen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.