Jobs by email
TSCNET Services GmbH
IT Service Manager (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About us
TSCNET Services is a service provider for 16 transmission system operators (TSOs) from 12 European countries. We are one of the leading Regional Security Centers (RCCs) in Europe. Our head office is in Munich and we always work with the aim of being a highly efficient service provider for network security analysis and capacity calculations. Our international team consists of people from over 30 countries. We look for knowledge, commitment, openness and creativity and offer an excellent environment for bright minds to do great work.
We are searching in Munich, full-time (38 hours/week, no on-call support requirement) an 
IT Service Manager (m/f/d)
We offer you the unique opportunity to experience our IT department at an important transition time and to coordinate our IT processes with your skills and knowledge. This is a key role, with the primary responsibility of the management of one or more IT services through its lifecycle, acting as a liaison among support teams, Internal/external stakeholders, etc. with a focus to achieving the agreed availability and quality in service performance.
Your responsibilities
Service Delivery Management:
Being accountable for IT service(s) within the organization and managing them throughout their lifecycle.
Managing daily RUN activities based on ITIL processes like incident management, change management, problem management, Service request management, Vendor Management etc.
Responsible for managing the vendor contracts, negotiations, and vendor performance.
Maintaining and ensuring effective, regular, and seamless communications with all stakeholders. Interfacing with vendors/internal stakeholders regularly.
Provide governance and improve delivery through regular review meetings.
Responsible for tracking and reporting service levels (SLAs).
Responsible for maintaining service quality, service delivery performance, driving service excellence and continuous service improvement activities.
Driving the shift from legacy support models to new support models that are agile and service oriented.
ITIL Process Management:
Drive key production processes like Incident, Problem, Change, Release, Request, Knowledge Management etc.
Drive the deployment and Continual improvement of the production processes based on the company requirements and ITIL best practices.
Governance of JIRA/ServiceNow tools including the new customizations, version upgrades for the production process modules.
Your qualifications
Completed studies in the relevant field.
3 – 5 years of relevant experience in IT service delivery management and ITIL process management.
Very good knowledge of the IT infrastructure and/or SDLC.
Quality-conscious, Analytical thinking, Planning and Evaluating, Strong executor, with proven track of implementing improvement initiatives.
Willingness to travel within the EU region (approximately 5%).
Proficient spoken and written command of English.
Our benefits
Work in a crisis resilient industry close with European transmission system operators (TSOs)
Attractive compensation
Matching of pension Scheme contribution
Work-Life Balance through flexible working hours and hybrid working mode
24/7 hotline to secure Mental Health, Bike leasing, unlimited coffee and tea and fresh fruits in our kitchen
Individual training opportunities supporting the professional development program
Ergonomic workplace design and excellent public transport connection
Company events and much more!
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
TSCNET Services GmbH
Weihenstephaner Strasse 9, 81673 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -