Jobs by email
N26 GmbH
Senior Data Scientist - FCP
Berlin, Barcelona, Vienna
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
About the opportunity
As part of the Financial Crime Prevention Data Science team, you’ll be responsible for developing practical machine-learning applications in the context of financial crime prevention and transaction monitoring.
In this role, you will:
You will apply your knowledge of data exploration and machine learning techniques to build production-ready applications.
You will have the opportunity to experiment with new machine learning technologies to solve some of the most challenging problems in the financial industry.
You will closely collaborate with machine learning & data engineers, FCP analysts, product managers, and anti financial crime experts to deliver high quality machine learning services that impact millions of users.
What you need to be successful:
You have a degree in mathematics, physics, computer science, or comparable qualifications and experience.
Professional experience in the development and productionizing of machine learning solutions.
Very good understanding of common machine learning algorithms and libraries.
Solid background in Python, Scala, C ++, or similar programming languages with a focus on machine learning and large-scale data processing.
You are creative, organized, self-motivated and able to drive Data Scientists to successfully create models from conception through coding to deployment
Language skills: English full professional proficiency
Traits:
Actively help yourself and others be successful
Continuously learn and challenge the status quo
Think globally, act locally
Strong bias for action
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback
What’s in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends or family members.
Vacation days vary depending on your location of work. Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
Founded in 2013, N26 now has 7 million customers in 24 markets. We employ more than 1,500 employees across 3 office locations in Berlin, Vienna and Barcelona. Besides the main offices, N26 also has local offices in Paris, Madrid, Milan, and São Paolo.
Sounds good? Apply now for this position.
N26 is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon