Jobs by email
Zumtobel Group
Data & Analytics Teamlead (m/f/x)
Dornbirn
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 6 days ago
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
AT, Dornbirn
Tridonic, the Zumtobel Group's technology company, is a leading global player in the field of lighting technology that produces innovative hardware and software for smart and connected lighting systems.
Your job
You are responsible for managing the data and analytics team as well as leading data-related projects and initiatives within the organization.
You successfully develop and execute a strategic roadmap for data management and analytics initiative aligned with the data vision and strategy.
Furthermore, you enable the business to create value from data by turning data into information, using data to drive revenue, optimizing business processes and hence, reduce the cost of operation.
You build a collaborative environment with all data related stakeholders, drive data democratization and adopt a data culture.
Additionally, you provide training and support to stakeholder on data management and analytics processes and tools while proactively driving change management measures.
Your profile
You hold a degree in computer science, data management and analytics or in a similar educational background and you could already gain 5 years of relevant professional experience.
You have high knowledge in defining and implementing data management and analytics processes, standards and policies.
Furthermore, you have a deep understanding for information needs combined with understanding how data are collected and managed to design effective and efficient data management and analytics practices.
You have already gained a high level of experience in data management systems and tools supporting the organization in data management and analytics procedures and tasks.
Your strong business acumen paired with your great interpersonal skills help you interact and operate across the business.
Your excellent level of English and German paired with your strong leadership and communication skills make you the perfect candidate for this position!
What we offer: Premier league of the profession plus maximum quality of life
Successful, international group with family DNA.
Varied field of activity with personal responsibility.
Numerous opportunities for further development in an innovative and empowering company.
Great team that will support you in any situation.
Individual options to ensure a healthy work-life balance.
Extensive benefits for our employees.
Enlightening your career
We curiously discover new fields of work together, our mentoring program is meant to support you to fully develop your skills and potentials.
Work-Life-Balance
Your best individual work-life balance will vary over time, often on a daily basis, this is why we offer flexible working-models and sabbatical options for our employees.
International perspective
Be part of a network of creativity and high-tech and contribute to an ecosystem that enables you to realize your potential within multinational, intercultural teams.
Open-minded and respectful culture
Working for the ZG means to be a part of an open-minded and passionate culture based on the spirit of the company’s founder Dr. Walter Zumtobel.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Zumtobel Group
Dornbirn, Österreich
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.