Jobs by email
tesa SE
Digital Solution Architect Dynamics 365 CE (m/f/x)
Hamburg, Norderstedt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full-time
What you will do
You are responsible for the technological development of our Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE (CRM) and related applications such as our Power Apps. Therefore you design the solution, evaluate and develop/customize feature and apps by taking modern solution design, security, tesa architecture and our strategy into consideration
You provide best fit and state of the are technology by aligning with other IT teams, technology partners, our Enterprise Architecture and IT security on technology matters
You work closely with our Product Owner CRM and an external development agencies
You ensure that our CRM and related apps run stable and are maintainable. Therefore you support along the support process if first and second level support managed by our service provider cannot solve tickets on their own as deep technological understanding of your applications is required
You review the code and system setup and take action in order to optimize our CRM and related applications in accordance with the Product Owner CRM
You automate the development process according to the guidelines given by our infrastructure team
You carefully document the technology of new feature
You work in an agile cross-functional teams lead by Product Owner and Process Manager and therefore closely collaborate with our business colleagues and of course other IT teams
What you will need
You have excellent knowledge of the technology and architecture of Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE and Power Apps
You have at least 5 years of professional experience as Solution Architect, Technology Consultant, Software Engineer or similar position in a Microsoft Environment
You have excellent consulting skills and the ability to understand the business needs and see the bigger picture
You are a strategic thinker and are very service oriented
You are a great communicator and communicate with business and technological stakeholder at eye-level. You have the ability to communicate your complex problems in a way that everybody understands you
You are an absolute team player who loves to work closely with the members of the product teams
You are experienced in agile methodologies
Spoken and written English is an absolute must, German is nice to have
What you can expect
tesa is one of the world's leading manufacturers of adhesive tape solutions, with a range of more than 7,000 products.  With passion for technology, we drive innovation, reliability, and sustainability to shape a better future.
Our solutions make a difference in the work, products, and lives of our customers across a variety of industries, including Automotive, Electronics, and Home applications. With this, we address a broad segment of business customers, but also you as a private consumer.
You might be surprised to discover the many places where our adhesive solutions are at work, from the battery in your electric car, to the display of your mobile phone, and even in the elevator in your building. Wherever you look, you'll find tesa - holding the world together since more than 125 years.
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates