Jobs by email
ZEISS
Data Engineer in Metadata Driven Applications (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of the company’s Operational Metadata, Enterprise Data Management framework and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. In this challenging technical role, you will be part of a team that focuses on identifying, structuring and operationalizing metadata and data quality across different business domains at ZEISS. You will help develop these solutions from inception to launch working closely together in co-located projects with the ZEISS business units as well as our Architecture & Engineering functions at ZEISS Digital Partners. With your team and your fellow colleagues, you will boost our capability to stay on top of digital innovation and make sure that business decisions that make use of data are made in the interest of ZEISS as well as our customers. Your direct roles and responsibilities are:
You will be responsible for establishing and maintaining high quality metadata for various data products across ZEISS data platform and various business units
You will co-design and develop metadata models to support a data mesh platform
You will develop and configure an enterprise-wide Data Cataloging solution and integrate it with multiple data storage systems of interest
You will monitor and manage (meta)data ingestion, data quality metrics, and user access to the corresponding business relevant data sets
You will develop Metadata driven Services based on business requirements along the complete data lifecycle
You will work in an Agile environment in close collaboration with architects, engineers, product owners, and multiple data management relevant teams across ZEISS, as well as business counterparts
You will work closely with the Data Governance team and consult on strategies to implement best practice (meta)data models across the data platform and the organization
You will strive to learn and improve consistently and share your technical expertise with your colleagues via Community of practice, conferences, or similar events
Ihr Profil
University degree in computer science, business informatics, mathematics or in a related field According to experience, 3-7 years of relevant professional experience in IT Experience with metadata management, data modelling and data cataloging tools or similar products
Experience with Test-driven Software Development in Python
Experience in developing Python applications for Data Integration
Experience in multiple forms of Data Connectors and Storage Systems (relational, analytical or in-memory databases, objects stores, search engines, graph databases) and their integration, physical data modelling
Knowledge of the Azure data ecosystem highly appreciated
Understanding of data modeling (conception, logical and physical) and different data cataloging facets (data quality, privacy, process flows)
(Meta)Data issues root cause analysis and remediation
Excellent knowledge of latest trends and best practices in enabling (Meta)Data Management solutions at enterprise scale
Agile Software-development using Scrum / Kanban
A solution-driven, conscientious, and collaborative way of working Fluency in English
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.