Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Embedded Software Engineer, WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Apple engineers have always focused on one person when they build software — the person who will use it. Working with our Software (SWE) group, you’ll see why every Apple product and service feels intuitive and simple, and why every aspect of this group’s work is built around a respect for the customer’s needs.
The world is quickly moving to 5G, and iPhone offers an advanced 5G experience, transforming the way users connect, share, and enjoy content. By the end of 2021, support for 5G on iPhone will double around the globe, with over 200 carriers worldwide in 60 countries and regions.
Would you like to make an impact on this scale? Join our Wireless Technologies and Eco-Systems (WTE) team and help us create amazing experiences through ground breaking advances in cellular technologies.
Description
The Cellular platform software team is responsible for the architecture, design, and implementation of hardware-specific drivers that allow the RTOS to function in our SOC architecture. We develop pioneering BSP/device drivers software, to be ready before modem bringup on new hardware platforms
As part of the team you will design and develop BSP framework software including the tools which allow the debugging and post mortem analysis of the drivers within the team. In addition, you'll review HW schematics and assist HW debugging, resolve critical issues on-site, perform modem SW integration, and stabilize the baseline
Most software will be written in C and will run on a range of ARM and DSP based processors. We also use Python and Swift to build various tools to help our work.
The position requires high level thinking to design optimal solutions for low level drivers and excellent communications, with the ability to work in a fast paced environment. If you're ready to be challenged, we'd love to hear from you!,
Key Qualifications
Extensive programming skills in C, good understanding of C++ and assembly
Experienced in design, development, validation and debugging low level drivers for embedded platforms
In depth knowledge of embedded systems (cpu, buses, interrupts, clock, power, memory)
Great understanding of SoC systems and real-time OS concepts
Experience with Python or SWIFT
Conversant with version control systems like git, Gerrit, Jenkins.
Familiar with Logic Analyzers, Oscilloscopes and Protocol analyzers
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Work well in multi-disciplinary teams and able to present complex technical topics
Strong computer science fundamentals required - no matter how you got them.
Why Apple?
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products.
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €