Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Backend Software Engineer Java/Kotlin Commission/Subscription Services (m/f/d)
Berlin, Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries.
Our product mediates the sale of mobile phones combined with GSM, DSL, TV, or energy contracts in hundreds of MediaMarktSaturn stores in various countries. The development of the product is in the hands of more than a dozen engineers organized into several feature teams, each practicing SCRUM with two-week sprints.
Become a Software Developer (m/f/d) in our motivated product team and support our entire software lifecycle.
Your tasks
You develop and operate services with us in the area of marketing & commercial
You design microservices and program them from the API to the database
You provide software quality with a reasonable test coverage
You continuously deploy your increments and ensure their smooth functionality in all environments
In your team, you will, of course, work with the methods of agile software development such as SCRUM, Kanban, Pair-Programming
You build it - you run it - you fix it
Requirements
You have advanced knowledge in Java and experience with Kotlin and secure handling of databases such as Postgres and Oracle
You are characterized by your passion for developing products
You have an agile mindset and the desire to develop large software systems in a team
Knowledge and experience with Spring-Boot microservices, REST, Elasticsearch, Elastic Stack, cloud environments (ideally GCP), DevOps, Docker, Kubernetes and e-commerce are desirable
If you have also worked with Terraform before, we would like to take this knowledge with us
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. When you are ready to learn more about us, just drop us your application right below!
Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €