Jobs by email
BioNTech SE
Senior System Engineer* Global Analytics Platform
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Become a member of the BioNTech Family!
As a part of our team of more than 4.000 pioneers, you will play a key role in developing solutions for some of the most crucial scientific challenges of our age. Within less than a year, we were able to develop our COVID-19 mRNA vaccine following the highest scientific and ethical standards - writing medical history.
We aim to reduce the suffering of people with life-changing therapies by harnessing the potential of the immune system to develop novel therapies against cancer and infectious diseases. While doing so, we are guided by our three company values: united, innovative, passionate. Get in touch with us if you are looking to be a part of creating hope for a healthy future in many people's lives.
Your tasks
Senior System Engineer* Global Analytics Platform
BioNTech SE currently runs a variety of digitalization projects including SAP ERP, MES and ANALYTICS systems. As part of our growth activities our digital solutions will be extended by a global ANALYTICS Platform for the research and development/scientific part at BioNTech and we want to increase our efforts to bring more digital solutions in to support our R&D processes. Thus a global R&D digital ecosystem including various capabilities is currently rolled out to our labs.
The System Engineer is part of the team that builds, deploys and runs software solutions to support the digitalization of R&D labs. The System Engineer will implement changes to the global Analytics platform and is in contact with the Laboratories, ensuring the workflows are incorporated, and to further improve and maintain the solution after implementation. Furthermore, the System Engineer will closely work with colleagues taking care of other capabilities in our digitalization initiative and will ensure that proper interfaces are in place and running as expected. With a very high level of technical domain expertise in R&D Lab Systems, you will work cross functional through the application and project life cycle to ensure consistent processes delivered according to our standards and across the application landscape.
Your main responsibilities are:
Bring in 3 years domain expertise in R&D Laboratory systems
Bring in market knowledge for Screening Software such as Genedata Screener, Perkin Elmer or Dotmatics
Being a core part of the implementation of the global Analytics Platform and later responsible for the Application Lifecycle Management of the solutions
Be in contact with the Laboratories to work on use cases
Configure software solutions based on user requirements
Act as an administrator for various application systems
Ensure successful delivery of our projects
Your profile
What you have to offer:
Degree in Biology, Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Engineering, Pharmacy or equivalent with relevant experience in pharma, operations in IT or process management
At least 3 years of relevant job experience
Very good technical affinity and ability to identify best suitable technical solution for complex business requirements
Good knowledge in assay development and instrument integration is beneficial
Integration expertise with other systems running in laboratories
Good communication skills
Experience in working in an agile setup, Scrum Master experience is appreciated
Fluent in English, profound German is a plus
What we offer
Benefits for you.
Company Pension Scheme
Childcare
Jobticket
Company Bike
Leave Account
Fitness Courses
Mobile Office
Special Vacation
... and much more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BioNTech SE
55131 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.