Jobs by email
Deutsche Bank
Internship (m/f/x) in Technology, Data & Innovation 2023
Frankfurt/Main, Eschborn
Internship
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Locations: Frankfurt/Main, Eschborn
Duration: 2–6 months, period to be agreed individually
About Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank is the leading German bank with strong European roots and a global network. We’re driving growth through our strong client franchise. Against a backdrop of increasing globalization in the world economy, Deutsche Bank is very well-positioned, with significant regional diversification and substantial revenue streams from all the major regions of the world. We serve our clients’ real economic needs in commercial banking, investment banking, private banking and asset management. We are investing heavily in digital technologies, prioritizing long term success over short-term gains, and serving society with ambition and integrity. All this means a career packed with opportunities to grow and the chance to shape the future of our clients.
About your internship
At Deutsche Bank, we are transforming the world of banking. We are looking for creative employees who are ready to make a difference from day one. You will start developing the skills you need to succeed in the financial industry. You will take on real responsibilities, work on projects and have the opportunity to grow your network. Find out how our inclusive and diverse work environment contributes to our success and how we deliver the best possible solutions to our clients with our highly skilled team. Your manager, your team members and your trainee buddy will always be willing to lend an open ear to your questions and concerns. If you would like to get a head start to your career, then take our internship to create the perfect foundation for success.
About Technology, Data & Innovation
Technology underpins Deutsche Bank’s entire business and is changing and shaping the way we engage, interact and transact with our stakeholders, internally and externally. Our Technology, Data and Innovation (TDI) strategy is strengthening our engineering expertise, introducing an agile delivery model, and is modernising the bank's IT infrastructure with long-term investments and taking advantage of cloud computing. We are building a team of visionary technology talent that will ensure that we thrive in this period of unprecedented change for the industry. That means hiring the right people and giving them the training, freedom and opportunity they need to do pioneering work. Our technology teams deliver and manage engineering solutions to support the bank’s global customers. You will develop and deliver solutions to help modernise technology solutions, to reduce complexity and risk, and to drive business growth. You will be part of a creative, collaborative and innovative team, partnering with others, sharing solutions and you will have a strong desire to make an impact.
Your Role
As an intern, you have the opportunity to get to know and work on tasks from different perspectives. In day-to-day business and in projects, you can choose one of two main areas. If you are interested in optimizing business processes, then analysis is the right area for you. If, on the other hand, your strengths lie more in the technical area, you'll fit in perfectly in development. This way, you can find out whether an entry-level position in Technology is right for you and fits your goals. Your specific assignments and tasks will depend on which of our teams you join and how long your internship with us lasts. You will receive a wide range of support and benefit from the expertise of experienced teams.
Possible fields of activity:
Analysis: you will support our customers in innovative projects and develop customized technological concepts that make our processes easier and more efficient.
Development: if you are proficient in at least one programming language and want to design and develop innovative technical solutions using state-of-the-art software and hardware, this is the role for you, with a focus on applications, quality assurance and testing, or as a technical specialist.
Your qualifications
Our internship will give you the professional skills you need to start your career. For us, creativity and flexibility are key. That's why we are looking for entrepreneurial talents who are able to thrive in our diverse culture.
You are at least in your third semester and are studying (business) computer science, (business) mathematics, industrial engineering or a comparable scientific discipline with an IT focus?
You are interested in financial issues and innovative technology?
You have already gained some practical experience?
You are experienced in using MS Office and common applications and you already have some programming experience?
Your communication skills are well-developed, your English skills fluent?
You do enjoy working in a team and can inspire others with your ideas?
You are a responsible, committed personality with excellent analytical skills and a quick grasp?
  Then we look forward to meeting you.
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates