Jobs by email
N26 GmbH
Program Manager, Digital Products
Berlin, Barcelona
Published: 1 week ago
Save
About the opportunity
As Program Manager, Digital Products at N26, you will support our product segments in the management of large scale projects and programs.
In this role you will help our teams to ship the key large scale software and general initiatives that move our product forward, coordinating with product and technology leaders across divisions. You will ensure the prioritization, clarify dependencies, monitor and control the critical path and remove structural impediments to a smooth project execution.
To bring this vision to life, you will be working with an amazing team of product leaders, agile coaches, engineering managers and business operations as well as engaging other cross-functional stakeholders across the business.
In this role, you will:
In this role on program management you will:
Manage large scale programs in our product development teams around the introduction of new customer facing offerings, evolution of our offerings, scalability or compliance initiatives including
program/project kickoff, chart and governance
organization and planning of dependencies and elaboration of necessary flow and critical path with the involved product segment teams
prepare, facilitate and follow-up key project meetings
ensuring project staffing
project risk management
cross-team coordination, identification and removal of impediments
What you need to be successful:
Background:
Experience in a project/program management role with a track record of delivering complex projects
3+ Experience within a scaled agile environment
Skills:
Knowledge and preference for agile ways of working including portfolio Kanban, multi team planning, scaled boards and retrospectives
Expertise in applying project management techniques in agile settings
An understanding for stakeholders who don’t act in a fully agile setting and understand how to bridge both worlds
Good communication with a skill and interest to create bi-directional understanding across diverse stakeholders
Traits:
Self-driving individual who is comfortable in an environment where priorities are shifting frequently
Like to try things and get things done, is not afraid of making mistakes
True team player - actively helping those around you to be successful
Continuously learn and challenge the status quo
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback
What’s in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Vacation days vary depending on your location of work. Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
Founded in 2013, N26 now has 7 million customers in 24 markets. We employ more than 1,500 employees across 3 office locations in Berlin, Vienna and Barcelona. Besides the main offices, N26 also has local offices in Paris, Madrid, Milan, and São Paulo.
Sound good? Apply now for this position.
N26 is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner