Jobs by email
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
DevOps Engineer & Integration Specialist (m/f/d)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
Vitesco Technologies is a leading international developer and manufacturer of state-of-the-art powertrain technologies for sustainable mobility. With smart system solutions and components for electric, hybrid and internal combustion vehicles, Vitesco Technologies makes mobility clean, efficient and affordable. The product range includes electric drives, electronic control units, sensors and actuators, and exhaust-gas aftertreatment solutions. In 2020, Vitesco Technologies recorded sales of EUR 8 billion and employs almost 40,000 people at around 50 locations worldwide. Vitesco Technologies is headquartered in Regensburg, Germany.
Your tasks
As No.1 contact for high-code development and as experts for cloud & technologies within Vitesco Technologies, we help our business to achieve strategic goals efficiently. Cloud first and a collaborative mindset are not just buzzwords, but the reality in our daily work.
Take the chance to actively shape our team's and Vitesco Technologies' future...wanna know more?
Apply now! Below you can find more information about the job.
Your new responsibilites:
Design, develop, test and deploy solutions based on customer demands
Perform root cause analysis of production errors, resolve technical issues and optimize existing solutions
Design, implement and maintain CI/CD scenarios
Design and maintain infrastructure within public cloud providers
Participate in cross-functional activities and projects (e.g. rollout of an API Management landscape)
Design, develop, test and deploy APIs to our competence center's back-end systems (SAP & non-SAP)
Ensure that software solutions are safe and secure against cybersecurity threats
Your profile
Academic degree in Information Technologies or comparable qualification
Long term experience as a DevOps engineer or in a similar software engineering role
Several years of experience in software development (designing, coding and operating)
Knowledge of C# and Python, Github, Azure Devops, cloud native development and infrastructure-as-code (Terraform)
Working knowledge of databases and SQL, Oracle and MS SQL preferred
Business fluent English language skills written and spoken
Ability to collaborate in worldwide distributed teams and across regions and departments
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Vitesco Technologies Group AG
93055 Regensburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.