Jobs by email
ZEISS
Project Manager Program Operations (m/f/x)
Aalen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
You will:
create and coordinate the build plan including scenario planning as well as their
implementation and the necessary communication and coordination with the stakeholders
assure the production capability through detailed production planning, monitoring of input, WIP and output of production as well as ensuring material availability (new and currently under development)
coordinate and control the areas of material planning, material procurement and material supply, warehousing, packaging & shipping and integration of production planning
be responsibile for ramp-up and gradual handover to local colleagues in other countries
ensure the knowledge transfer either remotely or locally between colleagues abroad and in Germany, depending on the travel restrictions
short-term optimize the existing processes and procedures to support colleagues within the project
Ihr Profil
You have:
a successful completed university degree (Master level) in Engineering
professional experience in Project Management related to Operations and Supply Chain
international experience is a plus
enthusiasm for operational excellence
high degree of reliability in completing tasks autonomously and meeting individual targets
strong communication skills, ability to cooperate and work in a team with a hands-on mentality
fluent language skills in English in speech and writing
If you would like to know more about the role kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Solveig Vogel (solveig.vogel@zeiss.com).
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73431 Aalen (Baden-Württemberg), Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.