Jobs by email
HeidelbergCement AG
IT Product Manager (f/m/d)
Heidelberg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
Heidelberg Materials – Material to build your future
Heidelberg Materials is one of the world's largest integrated manufacturers of building materials and solutions with leading market positions in cement, aggregates, and ready-mixed concrete. We are represented in over 50 countries with more than 51,000 employees at almost 3,000 sites.
At the centre of our actions lies the responsibility for the environment. As the forerunner on the path to carbon neutrality and circular economy in the building materials industry, we are working on sustainable building materials and solutions for the future. We enable new opportunities for our customers through digitalisation.
We are looking for an IT Product Manager (f/m/d) within our Digital Business Solutions team based in Heidelberg, Germany. Our team maximises the customer value created by our IT products and services as well as to keep the end user in focus. The reporting line goes to the Head of Business Value Corporate.
The Digital Business Solutions Team ensures that IT products and services are matched to the needs of our global business. Working to energise and focus the delivery teams we provide strategic direction and roadmaps for all solutions. We represent the business within the IT organisation. We focus on customer engagement in countries, regions and at group function level.
The position is limited to 16 months due to a replacement with the option of takeover.
Your next challenge
Responsible for the assigned IT products within Heidelberg Material’s Overarching Products area
Guiding the success of products in the area of responsibility by leading the cross-functional team that is responsible for its enhancement
Acting as a product manager to provide both tactical and strategic direction; Products you are going to deal with: EDI solutions, Legal Content Management, SharePoint based applications, applications to support the areas of Compliance and Communication
Ensuring that products have a strategic roadmap, a standard configuration and are well market to the business
Ensuring customer demand is understood, assessed and satisfied through the IT product and services portfolio; maximise business value of products by understanding the priority of deliverables
Define requirements and prioritise product features to ensure delivery teams have all the necessary information needed to ensure successful delivery and enhancement of the product
Your profile
Degree level in business administration or IT
A proven track record within IT or demonstrable business process management / product manager expertise with ideally first experiences in managing business stakeholders
Open mindset with a quick understanding of systemic details
Being creative and proactive
Ability to communicate and collaborate effectively with our internal and external stakeholders and customers to ensure cross IT / business relationships are maintained with positive outcomes
Be comfortable working with all levels of staff from operations to management
Strong intercultural competence and high service orientation
Fluent in English; German would be an advantage
Our offer
Flexible working time models with up to 50% remote working within Germany
30 vacation days plus additional special vacation days
Attractive compensation with profit share/bonus, Christmas and vacation payment
Multiple learning & development options: support of job-related further training, E-campus, various technical and leadership development programs
JobTicket, JobBike and further special conditions and discounts for e.g. gyms
Company fitness room, various sports classes, health and prevention campaigns
Individual onboarding with buddy program as well as various networking initiatives (Network of Women, International Network etc.)
Modern headquarters next to the river Neckar with ergonomic workplaces and height-adjustable desks
Canteen with discounted and healthy meals
Bicycle and underground parking with charging stations - for e-bike and car
...and much more.
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
HeidelbergCement AG
Heidelberg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.