Jobs by email
ZEISS
Service Owner Digital Design System Operations (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Digital customer experiences are increasingly crucial for the success of ZEISS, and seamless, intuitive user interfaces are a key differentiating factor for our brand experience. The Digital Design System is a central service to all product design teams, engineers, and product managers to design & build user interfaces at ZEISS. Help to build the foundation for exciting customer-centric digital solutions in the diverse, dynamic work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Join our inspiring team in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our global business teams, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.   Your role at ZEISS This newly established function will be crucial in driving the development and growth of our support and content offering for more than 1000 users in the ZEISS Group. As service owner & team lead for the ZEISS Digital Design System, you will assume disciplinary responsibilities for the team and processes and product responsibility for the Digital Design System and corresponding services. You will work out of our Munich location, where we enjoy the view of the Alps and the energy of our amazing teams – with up to 60% remote work. Your primary responsibilities include the following:
Your role
Organizing and orchestrating the activities of the Digital Design System team, launching, operating, and growing the Digital Design System as a service
Collaborating with and supporting the Design System Working Groups (Products & Online Services) regarding contribution management, documentation, service, training, and onboarding
Strategically aligning and driving the vision & backlog of the Digital Design System in collaboration with the ZEISS Digital Design Council (Design & brand leads across ZEISS’ segments)
As a disciplinary leader, guide and grow your team of initially two UX/UI designers and one community manager.   Be responsible for aligning budgets, content and service roadmaps and drive implementation jointly with internal & external teams
Successfully work with different internal stakeholders, e.g. top management, design and software heads, and external stakeholders like customers, consumers, and product/platform owners to drive the necessary transformation to support the continuous development of best-in-class user experiences
Ihr Profil
The ideal candidate for this role has solid experience with design systems for online and software user interfaces (optimally in a position comparable to a product or service owner), has strong project management and stakeholder management skills, and is experienced in navigating complex stakeholder landscapes
Preferably a Master’s degree in either business/software / HCI / interaction design
At least six years of professional experience in a UI/UX design, innovation in-house or agency role (ideally as a product owner or lead UX for a design system)
Experience building and managing a UI/UX design/software engineering team with different profiles A convincing track record that shows your ability to lead teams towards differentiating and efficient design systems, shaping seamless user flows across touchpoints
Knowledgeable in interactive and design tools such as Figma, Sketch, etc. – the latest trends regarding digital design workflows Experience with effective project planning and staffing  A natural passion and curiosity for technology, enthusiasm for innovation Entrepreneurial thinking and experience in a start-up environment is an advantage
Strong verbal, written and visual presentation skills in English and, ideally also, German The ability to communicate the value of design within a design and business context
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Mrs. Riya Mukundan
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.