Jobs by email
CTDI GmbH
IT Compliance Specialist (m/f/d)
Malsch
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Summary
As IT Compliance Specialist (m/f/d), you will be involved in information security, cybersecurity and IT risk management programs based on industry-recognized information security and risk management frameworks. You will be an integral part of the IT organization, reporting directly to the Information Security Officer to improve and communicate information security maturity, the state of cybersecurity, and IT risk practices across the organization. You will work with over 20 different sites across Europe with multiple functional disciplines to achieve your goals.
Your Tasks
Create, manage and support internal and external audits to ensure compliance with regulatory, international, contractual and company standards. The audits include:
External financial and tax audits
External security audits of customers
Internal technical audits at site and contractual level
Definition, review and maintenance of IT policy documentation to ensure that existing working methods comply with regulatory, international, contractual and corporate standards
Review potential technical vulnerabilities within the industry and report on the severity and likelihood of such events within the company; Reporting on non-compliance areas
Monitor key events in the IT infrastructure to identify and manage key threats within the organization
Assisting the organization in reviewing and investigating security incidents
Ensure that the company and all sites meet the manufacturer's licensing requirements
Supporting the sales team with governance-realted questions
Review new software products, including cloud-based systems, to ensure they meet the company's security requirements
Your Profile
Degree in computer science or a technology-related field
Good knowledge of the English language, both oral and written; German language or other languages are beneficial
Proven problem solver with the ability to analyze complex problems in depth, manage risk, and provide timely and accurate decisions
Excellent communication skills, with proven coordination experience. Site audits require technical capability (some training may be provided if needed) with:
Ability to review the system audit/event log
Use of Software Asset Management Software (SAM) for license compliance
Operation of a penetration testing software and creation of a recommendation report
Review IT documentation/data provided by sites to determine compliance
Ability to educate a non-technical audience about various security measures
Experience of working in an IT environment
Knowledge of ISO27001, NIST, CISSP, SSCP, GDPR
What awaits you
A motivated team and exciting challenges as well as attractive compensation with corresponding social benefits. As a modern, growing company, we offer a wide range of development opportunities.
The location will be in Malsch or any CTDI Europe site.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
CTDI GmbH
76316 Malsch, Deutschland