Jobs by email
EnBW Energie Baden-Württemberg AG
Senior Manager Martech and intelligent CX
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
Über den Bereich
At EnBW, Mobility+, Yello & SENEC, we are transforming our digital experience and processes with full focus on our customers. Our objective is to understand every customer individually and provide them with the best, personalised experience. With a unique mix of capabilities, we identify our customers' interest and intent before starting the next best conversation. 
We want to empower all EnBW sales, marketing, operations and touchpoint teams to build more meaningful and contextual customer engagements while raising the customers’ lifetime value. 
Does this sound to you like a challenge that would fulfil something inside? Then carry-on reading!
Vielfältige Aufgaben
Having the ownership and evolvement of our Marketing Technology (MarTech) stack; means you are responsible for building & driving an ambitious roadmap to evolve our whole MarTech capabilities cluster from good to best in class.
Your objective is to continuously improve the collaboration with Sales & IT colleagues, to ensure the outcomes maximisation and the highest adoption of your new features.
By your collaboration with the POs of the digital teams, you will drive & measure the E2E outcomes of our MarTech stack. And identify the areas to enhance seeking higher business impact.
You will be the owner of the MarTech cockpit, that you will design in a way to reflect the top KPIs of our MarTech stack impact and its performance. 
With a target to improve the digital services and sales experiences, you will be collaborating with IT & Data analytics colleagues in driving the “Large Language Models” integration cases, working with partners tuning those models to Energy vertically trained models.
Gearing towards the future, you will be identifying opportunities and use cases within the Web 3.0 space & DApps, and drive the experimentation and validation of them.
Überzeugendes Profil
You have a Master’s degree or similar qualification in the field of computer science, informatics, or computer engineering and longstanding work experience in similar fields.
You have solid hands-on experience in AI and cloud computing.
You demonstrate comprehensive experience in leading large scale digitalization projects in classical industries, transportation, or utilities.
You have a strong customer-centric focus, with an entrepreneurial and ROI mind-set.
You possess natural collaboration and communication skills (English & German), with the ability to bring business stakeholders and software engineers to a shared understanding and direction. 
Your well-rounded, adaptable mindset will allow you to coordinate between various teams with different areas of expertise.
You are willing to challenge the status quo and processes that are "quite good already" by always striving for even better solutions and innovations.
Unser Angebot
Spannende Aufgaben eröffnen vielfältige Perspektiven zur persönlichen Entwicklung 
Kollegiale Zusammenarbeit im Team und moderne Arbeitsplätze zeichnen uns aus 
Flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle ermöglichen die Vereinbarkeit von Beruf und Privatleben 
Attraktive Mitarbeiterangebote zählen zu unseren Stärken
Mehr zu unseren vielfältigen Arbeitgeberleistungen im Überblick.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
EnBW Energie Baden-Württemberg AG
Schelmenwasenstraße 15, 70567 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.