Jobs by email
Allianz Partners SAS Niederlassung Deutschland
Technical Product Owner (m/f/d) for Mobility Topics
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
Allianz Partners is a world leader in B2B2C insurance and assistance, offering global solutions that span international health and life, travel insurance, automotive and assistance. Customer driven, our innovative experts are redefining insurance services by delivering future-ready, high-tech high-touch products and solutions that go beyond traditional insurance. 
Our products are embedded seamlessly into our partners’ businesses or sold directly to customers, and are available through four commercial brands: Allianz Assistance, Allianz Automotive, Allianz Travel and Allianz Care. Present in 75 countries, our 21,100 employees speak 70 languages, handle over 71 million cases each year, and are motivated to go the extra mile to offer peace of mind to our customers around the world.
We at Allianz believe in a diverse and inclusive workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We encourage you to bring your whole self to work, no matter where you are from, what you look like, who you love or what you believe in.
We therefore welcome applications regardless of ethnicity or cultural background, age, gender, nationality, religion, disability or sexual orientation.
Great to have you on board. Let's care for tomorrow.
Job Purpose/Role
What you do
We are seeking an experienced Product Owner to lead the charge on developing our business core system and peripheral applications (webservices / portals). The application landscape is used by Allianz Partners business units and is being rolled out across countries in Europe and beyond.
You will understand the target picture and be responsible for setting, prioritizing and accepting the work generated by a team in order to ensure the most valuable and proper functionality of the product.  As Product Owner, you will bridge the gap between the Project Managers rolling out the application landscape in the local countries and you will refine feature requests gathered by the rollout managers (as per tickets delivered) evaluating these against the target picture and set the delivery plan - scheduling releases and coordinating sprints.
This position offers an excellent opportunity to work in an international and interdisciplinary environment. You will be close to both business and IT and have excellent exposure internally and externally.
You enjoy working across departments in an international environment, have organizational talent, excellent communication skills and are assertive, resilient and proactive. We would be happy to receive your application!
Key responsibilities
Collaborate with stakeholders to develop the target picture of our applications and their development
Work with internal and external contacts to analyze needs and align IT delivery plan to strategic goals
Work closely with product management/business teams to create and maintain a product backlog according to business value
Supporting the Project Managers to understand our applications and match the needs of the business units and translate them into product requirements: Assess value, develop cases, and prioritize stories, epics, and themes to ensure work aligns with product strategy
Developing user stories together with the local project managers
Creating a product road map and IT delivery plan based on this vision
Develop detailed product feature specifications and ensure they’re clearly understood by the development teams
Serve as the product ambassador internally and externally, sharing knowledge and answering questions related to the product
Key Requirements/Skills/Experience
What you bring
Working knowledge of product development architecture, programming languages, scrum and agile software development methodologies
Proficiency in the use of analytic tools
Strong experience in product development
Previous working experience as a product owner, and knowledge of Attlassian (e.g. Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket) or similar tools is a plus
Good command of English and German (written and spoken), and able to effectively manage conflicting stakeholder needs
BA in computer science, information systems, or related field
What we offer
Our employees play an integral part in our success as a business. We appreciate that each of our employees are unique and have unique needs, ambitions and we enjoy being a part of their journey.
We are there to empower and encourage you with your personal and professional development ensuring  that you take control by offering a large variety of courses and targeted development programs. All that in a global environment where international mobility and career progression are encouraged. Caring for your health and wellbeing is key priority for us. This is why we build Work Well programs to providing you with peace of mind and give the flexibility in planning and arranging for a better work-life balance.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Allianz Partners SAS Niederlassung Deutschland
Königinstr. 28, 80802 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.