Jobs by email
ZEISS
Security Expert - Community Communication (m/f/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg), München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
the Security Expert ensures regular, beneficial and sustainable communication on ZEISS SharePoint environments
he will maintain the Guidebook Digital Security
the Security Communications Expert supports and develops InfoSec tooling and related topics on behalf of the InfoSec teams
he will develop SharePoint sites, workflows, webpages, etc
Ihr Profil
  Apprenticeship / professional education / studies in the field of InfoSec (Bachelor's or Master's degree) or equivalent combination of education and working experience
ideally first working experience in a similar role
experience in SharePoint & SharePoint development, Microsoft PowerApps, PowerAutomate, Software development, coding, scripting
strong ability to understand complex interrelationships
German (fluent), English (fluent), other languages of advantage
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.