Jobs by email
EXTEDO GmbH
Senior Business Consultant RIMS (m/f/d)
Ottobrunn bei München, Home-Office
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
EXTEDO is of the leading names in the field of Regulatory Information Management (RIM). With our EXTEDOpulse solutions and expert consultants, we are on a mission to enable agencies and life sciences organizations around the world to bring new products to market faster and safer. EXTEDO enables more than 35 regulatory authorities and over 1000 maintained customers across 65 countries to deliver Effortless Compliance. Our clients range from small CROs to large multi-national pharmaceutical organizations. The areas of Life Sciences in which EXTEDO operates are: pharmaceuticals, biotech and biopharma, generics, medical devices, healthcare and the public sector. We are still growing!
For our location in Ottobrunn near Munich or in remote we are actively seeking a
Senior Business Consultant RIMS (m/f/d)
Your Tasks - as important as our Software:
Provide RIMS specific consulting internally at EXTEDO and directly to the company’s clients
Drive business consulting activities for EXTEDO’s software integrating the company’s Products into the business processes
Create consulting plan, identify and evaluate subject domain gaps, and propose optimizations in business operations of EXTEDO clients
Contribute to RFPs, RFIs and SoWs for end services
Edit, update and review of relevant documentations and processes
Perform consulting workshops with customer as part of presales or project activities 
Participate in services development activities to extend the EXTEDO offering portfolio
Run webinars, present at conferences, and participate in global events to promote the EXTEDO footprint
Report project-related activities to the respective project manager and keep track in the EXTEDO time tracking system
Work closely with Sales, Development and Support teams to provide the best solution for our customers
Your Profile - as good as our Solutions:
A completed degree in computer sciences or a domain specific degree (e.g. life science, regulatory) or another comparable qualification
5-years of practical project experience in the field of business consulting or equivalent exposure in a pharma/CRO setting
Project Management experience gained either by having acted as project manager or by participating in project teams
Client oriented with excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Advanced knowledge in RIMS/IDMP systems and processes is a must. Cross-domain knowledge in more than one field will be highly appreciated (Regulatory, Submissions, QA, Pharmacovigilance, Clinical Trials).
Very good organizational, presentation and communication skills put forth in a professional and business appropriate manner
Basic understanding of IT architectures, technical Computer System Validation, and core processes (e.g. Migrations, Databases)
Willingness to travel to customers worldwide
Excellent English skills (spoken and written), second language is a plus
What we offer you:
30 Days Vacation
Home Office
Personal Development
Pension Scheme
Overtime Regulation
Flexible Working Hours
Canteen
Free Coffee & Tea
More Information:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
EXTEDO GmbH
85521 Ottobrunn, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Coaching
Extra day off
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.