Jobs by email
Oettinger Davidoff AG
SAP Inhouse Software Developer (m/f/x) 100%
Basel
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
I'm interested
Save
Oettinger Davidoff Group, with sales of approximately 456.8 million Swiss francs and 3,300 employees around the world, traces its roots back to 1875 and remains family-owned to this day. The company is dedicated to the business of producing, marketing, distributing and retailing premium-branded cigars, tobacco products and accessories. The premium-branded cigar business includes Davidoff, AVO, Camacho, Cusano, Griffin’s, Private Stock, Zino and Zino Platinum. Oettinger Davidoff Group is also the sole agent of many brands in several countries such as Haribo in Switzerland. Its business is anchored in a strong “crop to shop” philosophy, having pursued vertical integration from the tobacco fields in the Dominican Republic and Honduras to its global network of 65 Davidoff flagship stores/satellites and strong appointed merchants in 139 countries.
For our Global ICT department, we are currently looking for a
SAP Inhouse Software Developer (m/f/x) 100%
Your Tasks and Responsibilities
Specification of the developer rules/guidelines for our SAP solutions
Consulting our SAP process team regarding development specifications (RICEF)
Definition of solution design and effort evaluation
Plan – Develop – Test – and handover of RICEF requests
Strong focus on user front-end, data integration and process automation with newest SAP technology
Being part of the daily operation team including pro-active monitoring in technical areas (e. g. Jobs) and resolving of Incident tickets
Member of our SAP Security Team maintaining user account and access-rights
Ensuring a proper SAP document and data archiving
Your Profile
Multiple years of proven experience in software development within SAP technologies
Deep SAP data model and process understanding
Strong knowledge in SAP ABAP objects, Adobe forms and SAP script
Experience with SAP CPI for data and process integration is a plus
Experience with new SAP front-end technology – HTML5, FIORI
Analytical thinking but also pragmatic problem-solving skills
Project affinity and experience in project work
Team player with good communication skills
Bilingual in German and English, Spanish is a plus
Confident appearance and social competence
We offer you
the opportunity to join a passionate and innovative company in Basel with working conditions that allow you to grow professionally and personally: Make "The difference” – every day!
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Oettinger Davidoff AG
Nauenstr. 73, 4052 Basel, Schweiz
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -