Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Manager — Cybersecurity for Distributed Systems (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
As a senior manager in competence cluster "Distributed Systems" with focus on Cybersecurity, you will have disciplinary responsibility for a team of 20+ research engineers and scientists working in the field of reliable distributed systems.
You will mentor and coach your team members to accelerate their personal and professional growth. In terms of mentoring, you will provide technical guidance in the area of cybersecurity.
In a shared leadership role with two other cluster co-leads, you will be responsible for shaping and executing the cluster's long-term competence strategy and attracting top talents.
You will engage with CR strategic portfolios to understand tomorrow's competence demands and interact with the academic community to identify future talents and strengthen Bosch's footprint in the relevant academic communities, for example, by publishing your work at scientific venues. Your focus area will be cybersecurity, security engineering and applied cryptography.
As an integral part of CR strategic portfolios, you will contribute towards their technical strategies, research questions and research activities, specifically in the area of cybersecurity. Moreover, you will help the portfolios to identify future research topics.
What you will do in this role:
You will have an overview of the scientific environment and research trends in cybersecurity, applied cryptography and security engineering. With this knowledge, you will contribute to technical strategies of the strategic project portfolios and identify future research topics.
Work closely with the Bosch product divisions to understand their specific needs for security automation as well as the technical constraints in their tool- and process-landscapes.
You will have disciplinary responsibility for an interdisciplinary team of researchers working on reliable distributed systems.
You will have a shared leadership responsibility, together with two other cluster co-leads, for the competence cluster “Distributed Systems” defining and executing the cluster’s competence strategy in alignment with strategic research portfolios.
You will actively shape your team's culture and identity and support the professional and personal development of your team members.
You will create an efficient, motivating, agile and inspiring working environment for the cluster members.
You will build up a network to both Bosch business units as well as relevant universities, research institutions and start-ups.
Your profile
Education: excellent PhD in Computer Science or a similar field, with focus on information security
Experience and Knowledge: several years of experience in leading an academic or industrial team, preferably in relevant domains such as mobility, industrial or building automation, proficient in security engineering, applied cryptography, system security and network security, and you have hands-on experience in one or more of these areas
Personality and Working Practice: strong leadership skills and are passionate about mentoring and coaching your team members to accelerate their personal and professional growth as well as a strategic mindset, a long-term vision and the ability to execute a strategy, self-confident, responsible, independent team player with professional speaking and strong communication skills across all hierarchy levels and to different target audiences
Enthusiasm: You are passionate about research and eager to create impact on the ground as well as motivated to work in and guide an interdisciplinary as well as international team
Languages: fluent in English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.