Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Senior Developer (m/f/d) Sterling
Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries.
Your tasks
You support the refactoring of IBM Sterling to a modern architecture
You implement interfaces to connect other products as the Online Shop or SAP to Sterling via API
Responsibility to support the move of Sterling from on prem into the cloud
Replace Tibco ESB interfaces by APIs
You support the extending of the Order Management capabilities by developing new sourcing / splitting rules
Optimization of the replacement before fulfillment process as well as the existing cancellation process
implementing new features
Requirements
You have worked at least on two Sterling OMS implementations
You have several years of experience in Sterling OMS development
Experience in Java 8 + and J2EE
Experience in Sterling integration with Rest Web Services (JAX-RS) and JMS
Experience in Sterling Operations (cloud is nice to have)
Knowledge of Oracle DB
Knowledge in Sterling UI changes would be helpful
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. 
You want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf,  Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
Are you interested? We are looking forward to your application including the location where you would like to work!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Ingolstadt, Deutschland