Jobs by email
N26 GmbH
Data Operations Manager (Chatbot and Automation)
Berlin
Published: 1 week ago
Save
About the opportunity
N26’ Digital Operations department is currently looking for a Data Operations Manager who is passionate about Automation, Conversational Interfaces, AI and customer experience, to play a fundamental role in providing the best possible Experience to our Customers and Users.
As the Manager of the Data Operations team, you will work together with many stakeholders across the organization to identify, prioritize, deliver and maintain services leveraging these state of the art technologies, with the ultimate goal of providing the best experience to our customers while improving efficiency within our Operations department.
In this role, you will:
From your first day on, defy industry standards to deliver and continuously improve Automations, Conversational Interfaces and A solutions for one or several Ops departments
Convert your passion for process automations, conversational interfaces and AI into impactful business solutions for our customers, while having the unique opportunity to experiment with new tech stack and project ideas.
Collaborate with our Product and Tech teams to enable key features such as our customer service chatbot Neon, manage existing and launch future automation projects, to improve the way people use banks.
Closely partner with Operations Senior Stakeholders to support and/or lead key strategic initiatives: international expansion, new product launches, automation and AI-enhanced operations, increased automation and AI-literacy in Operations teams.
Push your strategic project management skills to its limits, by owning various high-impact projects, identifying strategic prioritization and aligning stakeholders from several teams within and outside Operations.
Mentor, lead, grow and implement state of the art ways of working within a team of Data Operations Analysts responsible for scaling and improving automation and conversational interface projects at N26, bridging between our Operations and Tech teams.
Be a key member of the Operations department in one of Europe's most exciting fintech ventures.
What you need to be successful:
You have strong quantitative and data skills along with experience in Automation, Conversational Interfaces and AI projects from ideation to implementation, ideally with exposure to operations - proficiency on data analysis tools (Google Sheets, Excel) required and exposure to Python, GitHub, SQL, RPA platforms are a plus.
You have a very good understanding and experience of Conversational Interfaces, Automation (e.g. RPA), AI development and ops - training, testing and deployment, monitoring and improvement.
You have the ability to learn quickly, a structured way of thinking and an exceptional attention to details.
You have a very good business acumen - ability to understand various business functions and propose operational improvements.
You have good communication skills and are used to delivering and presenting analyses and results to different audiences, from technical experts to C-level executives.
You have good people management skills, and experience building, leading and growing teams, to drive them to success.
You have previous experiences in consulting, banking, and/or (tech) start-up.
Traits:
You like to apply innovative solutions to solve problems.
You have both a strategic and hands-on mentality.
You have a high motivation to take an active role in our company.
You like working in a team.
You have quick learning abilities.
You have a structured way of thinking, your attention to details is exceptional.
You are able to learn and adapt quickly to the fast changing environment at N26.
You are able to handle uncertainty well and simplify complexity.
What’s in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Vacation days vary depending on your location of work. Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
Founded in 2013, N26 now has 7 million customers in 24 markets. We employ more than 1,500 employees across 3 office locations in Berlin, Vienna and Barcelona. Besides the main offices, N26 also has local offices in Paris, Madrid, Milan, and São Paulo.
Sound good? Apply now for this position.
N26 is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner