Jobs by email
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services
Financial Data Analyst (m/f/d) - Local Data Warehouse #StandwithUkraine
Frankfurt am Main, München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services (IDS) unlocks the value of data for the global investment industry: We validate, refine, and link data from a wide variety of sources and make it available for mission-critical processes along all investment strategies and products quickly, worldwide, and at any time. Fund management companies, insurance companies, banks and pension funds can use IDS to access a flexibly scalable data platform as well as all necessary analyses and reports in the desired format. As a 100% subsidiary of Allianz SE, IDS has stood for stability, reliability and certified security in the handling of its customers' data since 2001.
Financial Data Analyst (m/f/d) – Local Data Warehouse #StandwithUkraine
Job Purpose / Role
In the team Global Solutions you are integrated in an expert team with a highly diversified range of topics – IFRS9, Local Data Warehouses, Compliance Cockpit, Solvency II.
As a Financial Data Analyst (m/f/d) you are responsible for the operation and design of solutions for the local data warehouse for one of our main customers. You are a key contact for this data and will act as  interface between the customer business requirements, operations teams and application engineers. You will monitor operations (processes and systems) and  perform data analysis in case of errors or disruptions, find solutions for data processing and transform as well as find internal control mechanism to improve quality and methodology. Your work will also involve collaboration with our external sourcing partners and acting as a consultant to your colleagues on questions concerning data requirements.
You can expect an excellently staffed and motivated team of experts and an international environment with flat hierarchies. We offer an extensive onboarding program to support your entry into IDS GmbH.
Key Responsibilities
Supervision of the daily operational processes in Infusion+ Service
Care/support for our customers in US, including support for ad-hoc customer inquiries associated with database evaluations
Assessment and analysis of IT-technical problems and their quality assurance
Identification and realization of optimization potentials in the affected processes
Further development of standardized procedures in close cooperation with the team, business analysts, developers and external providers
Key Requirements / Skills / Experience
University degree in (business) computer science, (business) mathematics or economics with IT orientation and/or comparable professional experience
Experience with data warehouses and data analysis
Good capital market knowledge or experience with the investment process are an advantage
Good knowledge of SQL, preferably PL/SQL
Understanding of operational reporting processes
Process-oriented thinking and strong service mentality
Enjoying new topics, team spirit, creativity
Fluent in English is a must, German desired
What we offer
Benefit from flexible working hours, a home office arrangement and 30 vacation days per year
With us, you can expect an intercultural environment with flat hierarchies, a familiar working atmosphere as well as independent work in dedicated teams
Become part of a company with start-up spirit that combines the advantages of the Allianz Group
Take advantage of our wide range of training and development opportunities and shape your individual career path
Benefit, among other things, from annual bonus payments, additional benefits, health initiatives, employee restaurant and a company pension plan
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.