Jobs by email
ZEISS
Head of Software Development & Architecture (m/f/x)
Aalen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Shape the future of the optometric market with innovative software solutions
Lead a team of software lead developers, domain experts and architects for the development of innovative optometric and omnichannel cloud solutions
Provide technical leadership and coaching for your team to improve the quality and efficiency of the team
Ensure that your team delivers within time, cost and quality and define measures in case of deviations.
Ensure compliance with own processes, as well as relevant standards and guidelines
Drive new innovations and contribute to the development and implementation of the technology roadmap and divisional strategy
Build and manage a network of ZEISS internal and external partners contributing to R&D activities
Ihr Profil
A university degree in computer science, electrical engineering or science
At least 5 years of experience in industry in an R&D environment,
At least 3 years of experience in management positions in an R&D environment
Profound knowledge of software development techniques
Experiences with cloud technologies as well as hardware connected software solutions 
Worked ideally in a regulated medical environment with experience in compliance to the applicable norms and regulations (ISO 13485, MDR, …).
Ideally experience in building and managing a network of internal and external development service providers
Strong organizational skills (you can manage a growing number of tasks), analytical thinking, strong solution orientation and creativity
Excellent communication skills, you can communicate effectively across multiple hierarchical levels
You are a global team player, you are able to lead and collaborate with employees with different cultural backgrounds.
German and English business fluent
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Daniela Kraus
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73431 Aalen, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.