Jobs by email
thyssenkrupp Presta AG
Data scientist - Advanced Manufacturing (all genders)
Eschen, Fürstentum Liechtenstein
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Unternehmen
Our Automotive Technology business is passionate about the automotive industry and produces as well as markets high-tech automotive components worldwide. With over 20,000 employees, we are responsible for the success of this business. Our product and service range includes chassis technologies such as steering and damper systems and the assembly of axle systems as well as powertrain components for conventional and alternative engines. We also develop assembly systems for body-in-white construction and produce lightweight car body components in series.
Together with the world's leading automotive manufacturers thyssenkrupp Presta brings the future mobility on the road with its steering technology day by day. The automotive environment is being shaped by autonomous driving, connectivity and powertrain electrification. Get on board and join our team at thyssenkrupp Presta!
Aufgaben
In Manufacturing Engineering you are a key player in our digital transformation
In close cooperation with our engineering team you will develop artificial intelligence (AI) to support our plant efficiency and product quality
Our state-of-the-practice cloud structure (Azure-based) is ready to turn your ideas into reality
Thanks to your skills in data analysis, you are able to support our colleagues in the operational area
With the latest technologies, you can implement your AI concepts yourself in our Advanced Technology Lab
One of the main topics is the development of the most modern image processing systems for quality checks in production (e.g. deep learning)
Profil
You have a university degree in data science, mathematics or computer science or a comparable education
Knowledge of data science and machine learning and the corresponding tools and technologies (e.g. scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch) are required
You have advanced experience in at least one of the following programming languages: Python, Matlab, JavaScript, Java, C#
You have knowledge of database modeling and handling (SQL, NoSQL)
You are characterized by an analytical and independent way of working
You also bring your communication skills to work with international teams. You convince with your very good knowledge of English
Initial experience with cloud technologies (e.g. MS Azure, AWS) is an advantage
Experience with Power BI as a visualization and reporting tool is desirable
Das bieten wir
For us, it is a matter of course to offer you optimal framework conditions in addition to attractive employment conditions and social benefits.
This includes:
Flexible working time models
Ergonomic workstations, fruit days, our own fitness and training facilities, weekly sports courses, running clubs and other flexible health promotion and prevention offers
A company pension plan that is highly subsidized by the employer
A wide range of internal and external training opportunities, e.g. via the thyssenkrupp Academy, recognized external institutions or internal event formats
Subsidized and balanced lunch menus in our canteen and snacks from vending machines
Regular company events (e.g. summer barbecue, ski day, Christmas party)
Discounts at various stores and partners
We value diversity
Therefore we welcome all applications, irrespective of gender, nationality, ethnic and social background, religion and beliefs, disability, age, or sexual orientation and identity.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
thyssenkrupp Presta AG
Essanestrasse 10, 9492 Eschen, Liechtenstein
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.