Jobs by email
Stromag GmbH
Technical Lead IIoT / Edge (m/w/d)
Be an early applicant
Unna
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 20 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Altra Industrial Motion Corp. unites under one roof leading global suppliers of drive components and solutions for applications in the fields of renewable energies, medical technology, agricultural technology, construction machinery and industry. The relatively new activities in the area of digitalization and IIOT are being driven forward by a newly established overarching IIoT division within the Altra Industrial Motion CCB business unit (Couplings, Clutches, Brakes). As part of these activities, new digital products and services are to be developed with the aim of supporting customers in terms of optimizing plant availability, process efficiency and accompanying business processes. Following the implementation of a solution based on standardized Linux hardware for initial applications, the focus will now be on rolling out the solution to other markets and applications, implementing analysis and diagnostic functions on the edge, and deeper integration into local customer infrastructures.
For the further development and maintenance of the Linux Edge hardware we are looking for a dedicated
Technical Lead IIoT / Edge (m/w/d)
You can expect the following main tasks:
Definition and specification of enterprise standards for the IIoT edge infrastructure.
Further development of software for standardized Linux hardware (communication + interfaces, diagnostic functions and edge computing)
Set-up and responsibility for lifecycle management (device management, requirements management, software/release management)
Coordination of suppliers (soft- and hardware) 
Further improvement of software development process (requirements engineering, testing, software release management, etc.)
Coordination and collaboration with brand based IIoT teams in Europe and the US
(travel for business ~10-20%)
Support of the sales and service organization (3rd level support)
In this position you will report directly to the IIoT Program Director.
To successfully complete the task, you will need:
Successfully completed degree in electrical engineering, computer science or equivalent education / experience
More than 3 years of proven knowledge in C++ or another object-oriented programming language at a high level
More than 3 years of experience with Linux based operating systems and platforms such as Beagle Bone, Raspberry Pi or the like
More than 3 years of experience in agile software development methodologies and processes (SCRUM, requirements engineering, automated testing)
Experience in IIoT protocols (e.g. mqtt) is a plus
Experience with Over-The-Air (OTA) update is a plus
Experience in embedded software development is a plus (microcontroller-based hardware)
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Stromag GmbH
Hansastraße 120, 59425 Unna, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.