Jobs by email
ZEISS
Manager Digital Business Security – Processes (m/f/x)
Oberkochen, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Integration of Security by Design in Business Processes. You enable, establish, and maintain Security by design in Business processes such as Product Development Process PSGP, Data governance Process, ERP processes, partner, and customer interaction processes etc.
Collaborate with process responsible and officer to keep track of process changes within the business and engage in business process review or update where necessary. You enable knowledge sharing on process-integration best-praxis across ZEISS SBUs.
Report on the Overall status of the integration of security by design across relevant Business processes.
Planning, management, and oversight of Business Information security related program, including the Security Engineer Program (SecEngPrg) & the Digital Product Security Expert Group (DPSEG).
Chairs the SecEngPrg. and being responsible for the management of relevant personal training & certification providers and platforms.
Co-Lead the Security Engineer Program (SecEngPrg) – Alignment with the Business, clarification of business requirement and need as well as approvals, Coordinate Roll-Out and support
Align security Learning Paths with the Business stakeholder and enable relevant trainings and certification (in collaboration with SBUs business owners, BISOs, and relevant CIT-I SMEs). You report on the overall status of the security engineer program.
Assess and Identify and manage cross SBUs Product Security needs to be address in the DPSEG
Enable and where necessary coordinate ZEISS wide initiative and working Groups whitin the in the DPSEG.
Report on the Overall status of the DPSEG and of the achievement of the relevant working Groups
Collect specific SBUs business Insight and customer expectations as input/feedback for the continuous improvement of corporate information security policy and directive to ensure alignment with business objectives over time.
Ihr Profil
At least bachelors’ degree in the field of business informatics, process management, digital business or comparable
At least 5+ years of working experience in the integration of Security in digital business processes
At least 3 years of experience in program management
Experience in organizational development
Solid knowledge of industry standards (such as ISO27002, NIST/DISA, CSL, etc.).
Advanced knowledge of Application Security Architectures and Guidance.
Experience in project and process management in an international corporate or group environment
Experience in the implementation and integration of Security by design in business processes
Knowledge in business value delivery processes
Proficiency in the technical aspects of cybersecurity with broad experience across the various domains of information security
Broad understanding of staff education, e-learning, and knowledge management
Broad understanding of personnel certifications globally available
Excellent written and oral communication with multiple levels of leadership involving both business and technical sides of the business
Demonstrated passion for understanding ambiguous, complex problems and driving high-quality, innovative, and robust solutions.
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Stefan Schmid
What we offer
- 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.