Jobs by email
tesa SE
IT Supply Chain Planning Specialist OMP (m/f/x)
Hamburg, Norderstedt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Full-time
What you will do
Creation of the technical implementation concepts based on the business concepts created by the business
Configuration and programming of the technical concept in the planning tool OMP
Participation in projects for the further development of the system
Analysis and provision of solutions for faults/problems that occur
Support of the interfaces to SAP ERP and other systems
Support for business users
What you will need
Degree in (business) informatics, business administration or a comparable course of study
Very good supply chain planning process know-how (demand planning, distribution planning and production planning)
Technical understanding, analytical thinking and the ability to learn complex technologies on the job
OMP system knowledge and OPAL knowledge would be a plus
Very good communication skills in German and English
What you can expect
tesa is one of the world's leading manufacturers of adhesive tape solutions, with a range of more than 7,000 products.  With passion for technology, we drive innovation, reliability, and sustainability to shape a better future.
Our solutions make a difference in the work, products, and lives of our customers across a variety of industries, including Automotive, Electronics, and Home applications. With this, we address a broad segment of business customers, but also you as a private consumer.
You might be surprised to discover the many places where our adhesive solutions are at work, from the battery in your electric car, to the display of your mobile phone, and even in the elevator in your building. Wherever you look, you'll find tesa - holding the world together since more than 125 years.
Do you think tesa?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates