Jobs by email
Verifone InterCard
Senior Network Engineer (m/w/d)
Bad Hersfeld
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Why Verifone
For more than 30 years Verifone has established a remarkable record of leadership in the electronic payment technology industry. Verifone has one of the leading electronic payment solutions brands and is one of the largest providers of electronic payment systems worldwide.
Verifone has a diverse, dynamic and fast paced work environment in which employees are focused on results and have opportunities to excel. We take pride in the fact that we work with leading retailers, merchants, banks, and third party partners to invent and deliver innovative payments solution around the world. We strive for excellence in our products and services, and are obsessed with customer happiness. Across the globe, Verifone employees are leading the payments industry through experience, innovation, and an ambitious spirit. Whether it’s developing the next platform of secure payment systems or searching for new ways to bring electronic payments to new markets, the team at Verifone is dedicated to the success of our customers, partners and investors. It is this passion for innovation that drives each one of our employees for personal and professional success.
What you'll do
Configuring, monitoring and troubleshooting LAN/WAN connections availability and bandwidth utilization, firewall and security services to assure network uptime meets agreed SLA's;
Duties include providing on call support after hours and on holidays (rotation);
Position requires approximately 5% travel worldwide.
What qualifications will you need to be successful?
Minimum of a MS in Computer Science or equivalent is preferred;
Minimum six years of network experience in configuring, managing and troubleshooting of Cisco and Juniper devices;
In depth TCP/IP knowledge;
Strong BGP / OSPF protocols understanding, configuration and troubleshooting skills;
Strong understanding of STP and L2 related security features;
Strong understanding of IPsec and SSL VPNs;
Good understanding of WAN technologies, including, but not limited to MPLS;
Experience with Cisco ASA firewalls and Juniper SRX service gateways;
Experience with Juniper EX and Cisco Nexus series of switches;
Experience with Big-IP F5 load-balancers;
Experience with IPS/IDS/DDOS prevention systems;
Experience with network monitoring and management systems;
Experience with low level packet analysis and fault diagnosis.
Our commitment
Verifone is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Verifone is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Salary: 66000 EUR / YEAR
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Verifone InterCard
Bad Hersfeld, Deutschland