Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
System Architect for Smart Sensors (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
The Advanced Engineering System Team is looking for a System Architect to drive the development for the next generation smart sensors.
We are looking for expertise with meaningful depth in system architecture from early proof of concepts, feature trade offs, product development, SW functionality and system simulation.
You Create amazing products with a team of passionate technical experts in an inspiring working culture. Define smart sensors for the next generations of smartphones, AR/VR glasses, wearables, and IoT.
Explore new applications for smartphones, AR/VR glasses, wearables, and IoT, derive sensor system requirements and align them with internal and external customers.
You decide the top level system architecture (HW+SW) of smart sensors.
Break down the system in functions and components with a team of experts for MEMS, ASIC, signal processing, software, package and test.
You convince internal and external stakeholders of results and solutions, in order to create great customer benefit and find your product in high volume consumer electronics devices.
Your profile
Personality: Drive innovative solutions with entrepreneurial mindset. Listen to the team and find the best solution together. High level of interdisciplinary comprehension with the ability to quickly dive deeply into technical topics. You enjoy the dynamic field of consumer electronics.
Working Practice: Good communication and decision-making abilities and positive team player. You work analytically, structured, responsibly and act on your own initiative/learn independently.
Experience: 3-5 years of industry experience or PhD, with focus on sensors, digital signal processing, microcontrollers and/or embedded SW.
Language: Proficient English (C1), German language skills are a plus.
Education: Master or equivalent degree in microsystems engineering, electrical engineering, computer architecture, physics or similar.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Gerhard-Kindler-Straße 9, 72770 Kusterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.