Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
Data Visualization Designer / Infographics Designer (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading digital recruiting platforms and #2 most popular tech employer in Germany, we help everyone find the right job. Therefore, we need you!
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a Data Visualization Designer (m/f/d) to join our Creative Studio in Düsseldorf, London or Hamburg. In this position, you will work closely with the Brand Marketing and Online Marketing team to build a strong brand presence and to make sure the brand experience is compelling and consistent.
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. Please let us know, if we e.g. should use gender neutral pronouns, you require barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process.
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies.
Your Tasks
Co-own our curated visual identify and nurture it’s use around the business
Develop visuals to drive engagement in Social Media, PR campaigns, and dashboards, with some time dedicated to underlying report development.
Conceptualize data into design and illustrate a variety of graphics to convey insights and information simply and beautifully in a way that makes people want to read and engage
Collaborate with strategists, research experts, marketing and communications teams to visualize data into engaging narratives 
Leveraging performance data to create engaging comms through creative visuals
Managing ad hoc requests in a timely manner to ensure the business is supported in all its creative requirements
Creatively contribute in team discussions 
Understand and design for multi-medium capabilities and find ways to use them to better our executions through motion and static design
Your Profile
Information is beautiful. We're looking for a designer who can creatively stylize slick infographics and data visualizations. Someone who understands how people are inspired by data, has a passion for graphic design with an interest in data visualization and also a willingness to learn new skills using data analytics tools
Strong understanding of brand design and visual design, as well as marketing and brand experience
A passion for data visualization and visual storytelling
Your Benefits
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally. 
We support you: We want you to become part of the StepStone family as quickly as possible! That is why we will support you with all the formalities during the visa process.
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues. 
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays. 
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off. 
Our location? At the Medienhafen! For you that means we're easy to reach - whether by car, train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your parking space or job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably. 
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role. 
Are you into fitness? Great! Whether it's in our own fitness studio, playing beach volleyball or running, you can keep fit with our wide range of sporting activities. 
Fancy a coffee? Then take a look at our in-house baristas. Whether Caramello, Cortado or Flat White lactose-free - everything is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day. 
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office. 
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentive trips, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
Völklinger Straße 1, 40219 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates