Jobs by email
Amadeus Data Processing GmbH
APP - Amadeus Pipelining Program (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
I'm interested
Save
   Ever wondered who shapes the future of Travel?
  Since the beginning (est. 1987), Amadeus' mission has been to shape the future of traveling. We target to make the experience of travel better for everyone and everywhere by bringing people together and spurring them on to new heights. We invented APP to get in contact with you.  
  What is APP?
  With APP, we established the first ever Pipelining Program, exclusively designed by Amadeus, just for you! The Amadeus Pipelining Program strives for partnerships with tech newcomers and professionals. APP is created to stay in contact with you as our possible future colleague. We believe in “sharing is caring”! Because, networking means more information, more choice, more autonomy and in the end more success.  
Your tasks
  What's in it for you?
  We know best, sometimes life is a highway and you're just not ready for a final commitment. Or your life circumstances don't match our current job offers? That’s where we want to step in and show you the advantages of becoming part of Amadeus. 
Get a taste of Amadeus and find out what values and goals drive us. Experience firsthand the inclusive and diverse work environment. 
Gain business and tech insights. 
Get the non-binding opportunity to join exclusive events and activities, organized by Amadeus for you. 
(Couple up with Amadeus employees and get the unique opportunity to ask your questions to an inside expert.). 
Your Profile
  That's why we want to network with you!
You are currently working on your degree, have just finished your studies or are already familiar with working in the IT business? 
You would like to share your tech experiences and ideas with like-minded people and stay in contact with them? 
You love getting to know people from all around the world? 
You always dreamed of using your skills to bring your visions to life?  
  Now is your time to shine! You’ve got some stories to tell and we want to hear about them. Don’t wait and hand in your application! 
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Amadeus Data Processing GmbH
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.