Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior System Developer Algorithms (Image Processing) (m/f/x)
Jena
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Shape the digital future of ZEISS in the Global Algorithms & Software Semiconductor Mask Solutions team!
Your sophisticated algorithms evaluate enormous amounts of image data in a highly efficient manner. Only in this way do we as a team enable the performance of our complex photomask systems - the essential building block to manufacture defect-free microchips.
Our high-tech measurement systems for semiconductor lithography are characterized by extreme requirements on measurement performance and a high level of automated image evaluation. Robustly and efficiently evaluating complex customer requirements and large amounts of data with machine learning is very demanding. Your role is to bring such solutions into our products.
You will develop highly accurate image processing algorithms in expert teams. Your tasks will range from conceptual design and state of the art analysis over implementation and performance evaluation to final product maturity. Here, you influence the definition of measurement data and product design to optimally acquire your input data. In doing so, you will continuously expand your network within the company and stay in close contact with our research partners.
Your innovation-driven mindset allows you to keep an eye on the latest technical developments and publications. You and your colleagues thus create the conditions for excellence.
As a senior, you will support the knowledge exchange within our team, you will technically steer complex development projects and impact the technology strategies of our business.
Ihr Profil
A very successfully completed degree in physics, computer science, engineering, or applied mathematics (PhD preferred)
Very good knowledge of machine learning and classical image processing as well as good physical and methodological knowledge of geometric and physical optics
Intensive practical programming experience with: Python, Matlab, possibly C++, preferably also with parallel computing (CUDA, Cloud systems)
5 years of professional experience
Experience in project management
Great passion to successfully solve complex and difficult problems independently and in a team
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Kathrin Siegel
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
07745 Jena, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.