Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
SAP MM S/4HANA Functional Consultant (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 11 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
You will be responsible and coordinate central template developments for the implementation of the SAP MM (Material Management) module in R3 as well as S4/HANA for various Bosch business units.
The execution of requirement management regarding new requirements and techniques for SAP MM as well as analyzing and evaluating solution proposals is part of your tasks.
You recognize the right balance between standardization and customer orientation in terms of development speed and the necessary time-to-market targets.
In addition, analyzing and evaluating new S4/HANA functions within SAP MM is part of your tasks and do the specific know-how transfers.
In your SAP MM responsibility, you will simultaneously accompany the global transformation from SAP R3 to S4/HANA and support implementations in our plants worldwide.
Your profile
Education: Completed degree in engineering, (business) computer science, software architecture or comparable field of study
Personality: Strong communication skills, assertive and responsible
Work style: Structured, independent, analytical and goal-oriented
Experience: Several years of professional experience as a consultant in the SAP MM environment, experience in end-to-end modeling and implementation of purchasing and procurement processes.
Qualifications: Profound knowledge of SAP MM (incl. interfaces to other modules), S4/HANA knowledge of Master Data Management is an advantage.
Languages: Very good knowledge of German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.