Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior iOS Developer eBike Systems (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
In the eBike Systems business unit, we develop innovative products and services that make eBiking even more fascinating - from highly efficient drive systems over the first series-produced ABS for pedelecs to smart connectivity solutions. For sustainable mobility that's fun. 
As a Senior iOS Developer you design and build advanced app functionalities for the iOS platform.
You write test codes (especially Unit Tests) to ensure robustness, improve usability and performance is in your hands.
You will be part of the future of biking and help create outstanding mobile offering.
In addition, you bring in your ideas to define the mobility of the future and turn these ideas into reality.
You take ownership of your developed modules and aim for a continuous improvement oft hose.
Moreover, you have good problem-solving skills with the ability to navigate through complex situations.
The collaboration with cross-functional teams to define, design and ship new features that cyclists love is one of your tasks.
Furthermore, you will find yourself in a team of developers, designers, researchers and marketing experts who focus on building, scaling and operating high class digital services in the context of biking.
Last but not least, you continuously discover, evaluate and implement new technologies to maximize development and testing efficiency.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (bachelor's degree/diploma/PhD) in Computer Science, Mathematics or a comparable subject
Personality: team player, motivated
Working Practice: self-organized, agile methods and out of the boxthinking is highly appreciated
Experience: many years of experience as a Software Developer and some years experience in developing high-quality iOS apps with a strong agile mindset
Knowledge: depth familiarity with Swift and Cocoa Touch (UIKit, Foundation), experience with SwiftUI, Combine and/or Swift Package Manager is a plus, Experience with Bluetooth and/or location technologies is also a plus, working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends and emerging technologies, solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle
Enthusiasm: shares our passion for writing clean, readable and testable code and for great UI design
Languages: good communication skills in written and spoken English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Markwiesenstraße 58 58, 72770 Kusterdingen, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.