Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
Salesforce Administrator (m/w/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading digital recruiting platforms and #2 most popular tech employer in Germany, we help everyone find the right job. Therefore, we need you!
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a Salesforce Administrator (m/w/d) in Dusseldorf to join our Tribe and work with one of our scrum teams to help us keep our customers happy and solve the challenges maintaining a best-in-class platform in a rapidly growing global business. For us, teamwork is everything. We listen to each other, we adapt and we value honest feedback to help us keep on improving.
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. Please let us know, if we e.g. should use a gender neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process.
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies.
Deine Aufgaben
You will be responsible for ensuring that the business has a best-in-class Salesforce instance along with delivering on the roadmap of changes for continuous improvement that support our global Commercial strategy.
Your role will be to work with our internal stakeholders and product managers to understand their needs and work with your colleagues to create innovative solutions to drive our business systems forward.
Process & workflow changes on Salesforce for business requirements.
Delivers value added reports for all stakeholders through Salesforce
Aiding in the smooth delivery of Salesforce product changes through new Salesforce releases
Coordinate the Salesforce related communication to the various stakeholders
Monitoring the adoption/usage of Salesforce across the organisation
Responsible for data integrity and data cleaning
Identify new opportunities for the development of new and enhanced CRM capabilities
Design and maintain advanced dashboards and reporting for evaluating sales effectiveness
Collaborate effectively with multiple Salesforce development and administration teams
Das bringst Du mit
Salesforce Administrator Certified or Salesforce Certified Platform App Builder
 4-5 years' Salesforce CRM administrator experience
Excellent interpersonal and relationship building skills
Strong research, reporting, presentation and analytical skills
Experience rolling out and delivering system changes to a business
Experience of implementing and administrating a Salesforce CRM solution into a business development arena
Ability to focus on immediate changes with a strategic view on a longer-term strategy
Experience with Lightning
Experience working with Salesforce CPQ
Experience working with Open CTI telephony
Deine Vorteile
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally. 
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues. 
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays. 
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off. 
Our location? At the Medienhafen! For you that means we're easy to reach - whether by car, train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your parking space or job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably. 
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role. 
Are you into fitness? Great! Whether it's in our own fitness studio, playing beach volleyball or running, you can keep fit with our wide range of sporting activities. 
Fancy a coffee? Then take a look at our in-house baristas. Whether Caramello, Cortado or Flat White lactose-free - everything is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day. 
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office. 
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentive trips, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too! 
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
Völklinger Straße 1, 40219 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates