Jobs by email
Hella Gutmann Solutions GmbH
Software Engineer (m/f/d) Java / JavaScript / AWS
Ihringen bei Freiburg im Breisgau, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
THE HELLA GUTMANN PROMISE
Curiosity is our driving force. We do know and understand the vehicle like no other. Our vast store of knowledge is neither limited to brands and models nor to technology. We are interconnecting this knowledge intelligently so that our customers worldwide are able to use it in combination with practicable products and services. Our main product range features professional equipment for automotive workshops, car dealerships, and automotive testing agencies. With about 500 employees and our head office in Ihringen near Freiburg im Breisgau we belong to the Hella Gutmann Group which is a corporation of HELLA GmbH & Co. KGaA.
Hella Gutmann is the birthplace of a whole host of good ideas that bring that little bit of extra success to vehicle workshops across the globe every single day. Getting this innovative strength on the road requires a strong team – and you can be part of it. Find out more about us and fast-track your career with Hella Gutmann.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER (M/F/D) JAVA / JAVASCRIPT / AWS
Ihringen near Freiburg im Breisgau or Berlin
DEMONSTRATE YOUR POTENTIAL AND JOIN US TO SHAPE THE FUTURE OF THE DIGITAL WORKSHOP
You will work in a cross functional team together with frontend, backend developers and product managers on a daily basis
Together with the whole team you will be responsible for the code quality
Tackling the implementation of intermissions/epics
Deploying changes in an instant with continuous delivery
You will make important technical decisions
Mentoring your colleagues and drive innovation
THE REASONS WHY YOU ARE THE RIGHT FIT FOR OUR COMPANY
You have multiple years of experience in:
Software development in Java and JavaScript
Cloud Infrastructure (Amazon Web Services), ideally with focus on serverless architectures
RESTful HTTP + JSON
SQL and NoSQL databases (mongodb)
You bring along strong interest in:
Microservices
Spring Boot framework
Continuous Integration/Delivery
Agile methodologies and workflows
High level of German and English 
WHAT WE ARE OFFERING TO MAKE YOUR EVERYDAY WORK EVEN MORE ENJOYABLE
Interesting tasks, innovative products and great colleagues
An open and cooperative business culture with direct and friendly communication and cooperation
Development measures and further education that is tailored to you personally
A safe workplace in a continuously growing company
Modern infrastructure at the workplace
"Eldercare": care program for relatives
Employee discounts
And much more
CONVINCED THIS JOB’S GOOD FOR YOU?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Home office
Extra day off
Terrace
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.