Jobs by email
Fresenius Kabi
Project Specialist IT Quality Projects (m/f/d)
Oberursel (Taunus), Internationaler Standort, deutschlandweit
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
We have a clear commitment: putting best-possible solutions in the hands of medical professionals, enabling them to find the right answer to the challenge they face. Fresenius Kabi is a driver of healthcare for the coming decade. We truly live diversity and value different backgrounds and motivations. Around the world, all of us are committed to our shared endeavor: caring for life.
#careerswithapurpose at Fresenius
Over 300,000 people across the globe work at Fresenius to provide better ever medicine for ever more people. Our independent business segments Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed offer a wide spectrum of products and services in the health sector. We offer you the opportunity to make a difference with your career – and to become part of our impressive growth story.
Fresenius Kabi is a global healthcare company that specializes in lifesaving medicines and technologies for infusion, transfusion and clinical nutrition. Our products and services are used to help care for critically and chronically ill patients.
The role belongs to the Quality Management, Vigilance & EHS department of the COO board area at Fresenius Kabi with the target of implementation of Quality Initatives within the scope of the QAQC workstream of our current strategic program "Vision 2026". The role will work in close collaboration with the Plant QA Managers, the Heads of the Competence Centers and with the Senior Director QA Business Excellence, to whom the role reports to.
In this role you will...
manage and execute Quality IT initiatives across the sites within the scope of the Vision 2026 QAQC work stream
manage validations of GMP-relevant computerized systems (in the area of responsibility in the context of implementation, Roll-out, Operation and decommissioning)
define, determine and adapt the validation strategy depending on the complexity and criticality of the system taking into account internal and external requirements
develop and maintain validation documentation (e.g. Validation Plan and Report)
review and approve validation documentation (e.g. specifications, Test Plans and -Reports, Test case description and executed tests, Risk-, Data integrity and ERES Analysis)
monitor and ensure compliance with regulations for Validation (e.g. 21 CFR Part 11, EU GMP Annex 11, PIC/S PI 011-3)
coordinate activities with the department Manufacturing IT & Digital Solutions and Fresenius Digital Technology or external suppliers, ensuring requirements for validation
provide trainings on validation of computerized systems
coordinate change management for computerized systems
follow-up with local implementation plans and status of our projects
report the status to the steering committee
Your profile
Successfully completed degree in the field of Natural or Engineering Science
Relevant experience in validation management for computerized system in the GxP-environment (planning, conception, realization and change management)
Relevant project management / project controlling experience
Good Knowledge of national and international GxP-guidelines
Team player with excellent interpersonal and intercultural skills
Reliability as well as high quality awareness
Fluent in English in speaking and writing
Willingness to Travel
Your contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.