Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
C++ Software Engineer for Connected Services UI (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V570
Aufgaben
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission
As member of the Connected Services UI team in Berlin, you will develop UI software connecting the Mercedes-Benz Infotainment System to various cloud backends. 
As a Software Engineer in an agile team you will design, document, implement, integrate and test various customer facing features in the Infotainment System.
Development will typically be in QML, Golang and C++ and you will make use of modern tools, technologies, engineering practices and methodologies.
You will coordinate technical implementations and necessary development activities with various internal and external stakeholders and UX designers.
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Experience
Excellent coding and debugging skills
2+ years of professional experience using modern C++
Experience with QT/QML
Experience with Embedded Systems (preferably Embedded Linux)
Experience with CI/CD and version control (preferably Git)
Experience in System architecture, API design and best practices in software development
Nice to have
Experience with Golang
Familiarity with cloud technology stack (e.g. Microsoft Azure DevOps, Docker, Kubernetes)
Experience with IPC/RPC frameworks and API design (e.g. Thrift, D-Bus)
Experience with Infotainment systems
Personal skills
Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills
Personal initiative, commitment, sense of ownership and resilience
Well-developed communication and teamwork skills
Aspiration to engineering excellence as well as drive to continuously learn and improve
Education
Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a comparable degree
Language skills
Proficient in English. German is a plus
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.