Jobs by email
Max Planck Digital Library
Science Systems Administrator (m/f/div)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Science Systems Administrator (m/f/div)
The Max Planck Digital Library (MPDL) is a central service unit of the Max Planck Society and curren­tly supports scientists at 86 institutes and research centers in Germany and abroad. The Digital Labs de­part­ment of the MPDL experiments with pioneering technologies and establishes inno­vative services for basic research in the natural sciences and humanities. For the Digital Labs department we are looking for a science systems administrator for the structural and technical sup­port of our research data infra­structure. Additionally we offer you deep insight into our blockchain infrastructure of the inter­national scientific blockchain bloxberg (bloxberg.org/). Learn from our ex­perien­ced team and strengthen your knowledge with professional training.
Your tasks
Continuous development of new, up-to-date server infrastructures
Enhancement of our existing infrastructure, especially under aspects of high availability, load balancing, performance, integrity, and security
Close conceptual and operational cooperation with the Max-Planck data center
CI / CD implementation and maintenance
Maintenance and monitoring of our systems
Your profile
Completed studies in information technology or a comparable qualification
Several years of experience in server infrastructures and database administration (e.g., Linux, NGINX, bash scripting, MySQL, MariaDB, Elasticsearch)
Blockchain enthusiast, no previous knowledge required
Experience in the administration of VM-based cluster infrastructures (KVM, VMware, Puppet, HAProxy), ideally in a scientific environment
Understanding of protocols such as DNS, HTTP, LDAP, SMTP, and SNMP
Solid knowledge in designing, testing, and operating backup and recovery procedures
Good written and spoken English skills
Responsible and precise
Enthusiasm for solving tasks and the ability to communicate ideas as part of a team
Our offer
With the MPDL, you will have the opportunity to work on these topics in an excellent working envi­ron­ment as well as in an international and highly motivated team. The Digital Labs department is characterized by a self-reliant, agile, and team-oriented work style, in which each employee can deve­lop individually. This job offering gives you the opportunity to get educated as a blockchain architect.
Company pension plan and other social benefits
Flexible, family-friendly working hours as well as a work-life balance
Possibility of mobile working
Company health promotion
30 days vacation (for a five-day week) and familiarization days
A discounted job ticket for public transport
A workplace in a central location in Munich
The position is available immediately and is limited to two years. Employment, compensation, and benefits are based on the Collective Agreement for the Public Service (TVöD Bund), depen­ding on qualifications.
At our institution, we attach great importance to the compatibility of work and family and support our employees, for example, by offering family-friendly working hours and other opportunities. The Max Planck Society aims to increase the proportion of women in areas where they are underrepresented. Women are therefore expressly encouraged to apply. The Max Planck Society has set itself the goal of employing more severely disabled people. Applications from severely disabled persons are ex­pressly encouraged.
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Max Planck Digital Library
80799 München, Deutschland