Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Expert in Localization Algorithms and Artificial Intelligence (f/m/div)
Dresden
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Dresden
Your tasks
We, the wireless team, develop solutions for wireless localization and navigation targeting sensor fusion with inertial sensors. Use cases are dead reckoning, gesture detection and precise indoor navigation. We offer a flexible work environment and we are convinced that the best basis for innovations is a team of open minded people with versatile history and background.
Create something new: You develop digital signal processing algorithms for calibration, fusion and interpretation of sensor signals enhanced techniques like Kalman and particle filters, as well as SLAM. You explain and discuss your ideas and results. You foster new paths to solve technical challenges.
Shape the future: Generate ideas with a team of passionate technical experts in an inspiring working culture.
Cooperation and communication: Present the solutions that you develop and support integration within our interdisciplinary team with experts from other fields.
Your profile
Working Practice: Analytical, structured and results-oriented
Experience: At least 3 years of professional experience, or a PhD in signal processing development with Python and Matlab. Experience in Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Algorithms and related developments are welcome.
Knowledge: Expert in algorithm verification / validation methods is absolutely mandatory. Knowledge in Matlab and Python/Jupyter is highly desired.
Education: Degree (M.Sc./Dipl.) or PhD in wireless communication engineering, computer science or similar related studies.
Languages: Proficient English language skills (C1), German language skills are a plus.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Ring 1, 01109 Dresden, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.