Jobs by email
About You SE & Co. KG
(Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
ABOUT YOU, with headquarter in Hamburg, is one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe with its headquarter in Hamburg. As a fashion and technology corporation, along with our strong team, our ambition is to make online shopping experiences more inspiring and more personal.
ABOUT YOU is a company driven by the passion to develop the best tech products. Currently, we are searching for an experienced & passionate (Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/f/d) to extend our team and drive interesting topics such as scaling the Cloud based infrastructure either across multiple online retailers or the always-increasing customer base in our online shop.
Contribute to one of the fastest-growing eCommerce infrastructures in Europe and become part of ABOUT YOU as a (Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/f/d).
What you will do
Ensure availability, performance, scalability and security of our reliable shop infrastructure
Drive the use of practices like continuous integration, continuous delivery and infrastructure as code
Ensure the scalability of our flexible API solution by automating and standardizing the processes
Take over responsibility for the availability and smooth operations of our infrastructure and stacks of existing and new ABOUT YOU SCAYLE clients
Supervise and monitor our infrastructure in integration, staging and live environments
Improve the creation, deployment and monitoring of our operations for multiple ABOUT YOU SCAYLE clients
Manage the resources and services in cost-efficient manner
Who you are
At least 3 years of experience as a DevOps or DevOps related roles
Good knowledge in maintaining unix server Infrastructures
Experience with one of the major cloud providers e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, Azure 
Proficiency in Linux OS and the ability to read and write code in Python
Experience using different kind of monitoring tools (e.g. Sentry, NewRelic, Kibana, Datadog)
Understanding and interest in the security aspects of running a cloud infrastructure
Eager to automate as much as possible
Fluent in English both spoken and written
  Nice to have: 
Coding knowledge in PHP
Experience using a broad range of AWS technologies (e.g. EC2, ECS, RDS, S3, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, etc)
Benefits
Grow together with one of the fastest growing eCommerce companies in Europe
Flexible working times
40% discount on our online shop
Fresh fruits + drinks everywhere
Language courses (German & English)
Free sports courses & reduced price for gym membership
Subsidized public transportation ticket
Free choice of hardware and operating system (Mac, Windows, Linux)
State-of-the-art tech stack running on AWS
Modern office in the city center of Hamburg
Home office on Mondays and Fridays
International working environment and English as company language
Company flats (subject to availability)
Agile work environment (MOVE) and cross-functional teams
Free access to Germany’s greatest developer conference code.talks
Company pension scheme
Free access to online learning platforms like Laracast, Egghead and A Cloud Guru
Help in relocation and VISA process
 YOU ARE THE CORE OF ABOUT YOU.
We take responsibility for creating an inclusive and exceptional environment where all genders, nationalities and ethnicities feel welcomed and accepted exactly as they are. We believe that a diverse workforce essentially contributes to the ABOUT YOU culture. In order to maintain talent and diversity, we emphasize the care for physical health, mental health and overall well-being. Our values and work ethics essentially contribute to our brand mission: to empower acceptance and shape an inclusive, fair and circular fashion culture.
We are looking forward to receiving your application – preferably via our online application portal! This way, we can ensure a faster process and for you it is very easy to upload your application documents. :-)
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
About You SE & Co. KG
20095 Hamburg, Deutschland