Company DescriptionContinental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The Automotive group sector comprises technologies for passive safety, brake, chassis, motion and motion control systems. Innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving, display and operating technologies, as well as audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior, are also part of the portfolio, as is intelligent information and communication technology for the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to connectivity technologies, vehicle electronics and high-performance computers round off the range of products and services.Job DescriptionWe are looking for you to support our business area Autonomous Mobility at the location Riemerling, Neu-Ulm or Lindau.
As head of function engineering (m/f/diverse), you will be responsible for leading a team of Software developers regarding the development and maintenance of application software for sensors used in highly assisted and autonomous driving systems. You will build and grow the team and its performance, as well as their capability of working directly with OEMs in order to bring innovation to the market.
Your tasks will focus on the following activities:
Planning and assigning work to team members according to project needs and team skills
Guiding the team to achieve their goals by applying individual development plans 
Tracking invest and resources needs of your team 
Motivating employees
Performing periodical evaluations of your team 
Using your experience to guide and mentor your team 
Establishing the work and communication strategies in your team in order to increase its efficiency
Ensuring cross function cooperation and communication with other teams within the organization
Qualifications
University degree in electrical engineering, computer science or comparable
Profound experience in automotive- and/ or embedded software development 
Experience with automotive detection or driving functions
Experience in a leadership role
Experience working in an agile team setup (e.g. scrum) is a plus
Good knowledge of C or C++ programming embedded systems is of advantage
Principles of modern software design for modular architectures desirable
Very good English language skills, written and spoken
German language skills are a plus
Independent structured and solution-orientated approach
Customer oriented work style
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.Additional InformationWhat we offer:
Our products save lives. We offer you an interesting and varied job as part of a motivated team at one of the largest suppliers to the automotive industry
An attractive compensation package that comes along with unique flexible working conditions like hybrid work, flexible working time, sabbaticals that help you to balance work, family and spare time
Exciting, varied projects in our high-tech customer environment
Numerous career opportunities and the rapid assumption of responsibility, in line with our four corporate values passion to win, trust, freedom and for one another
A large selection of internal and external training measures, supported by our group-wide learning platform and regular feedback meetings as part of our talent management
A comprehensive range of additional benefits, such as various sports and wellness offers, JobRad and sick pay supplement
Support for child care services, subsidies for child-sick days and much more
Attractive regions to live and work directly on Lake Constance, in the country or in the cosmopolitan city with a heart
You would like to learn more about our additional services? Click here to find out more.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.