Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
PhD - Self-supervised Learning for Automated Driving Perception
Renningen
Internship
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
A suitable encoding of data is essential for deep learning perception in automated driving. Self-supervised representation learning (SSL) can generate such encodings, using unlabeled data. We are particularly interested in SSL for geometric 3D data in point-cloud format, for example, from radar or lidar sensors. Applications cover detection, classification, and tracking of relevant objects.
Key to successful SSL are suitable auxiliary losses for 3D point-clouds. These should not require any manual labels, yet require enough understanding of the scene to help learning meaningful encodings. The pre-trained networks would then be fine-tuned for the final perception task, using a small labeled dataset.
Become part of the team and develop novel self-supervised learning approaches with a focus on metric sensors, e.g. radar and Lidar.
You evaluate your algorithms on public benchmark data sets and internal real-world data sets - offline and online.
Furthermore you contribute to the scientific community with publications on top conferences and journals (NIPS, ICML, CVPR, ICLR or TPAMI).
Support us actively. Take responsibility and work in an agile as well as diverse research team with other PhD students and with exchange across several projects.
Your profile
Education: degree (Master/Diploma) in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or related field with excellent academic achievements
Experience and Knowledge: profound knowledge of machine learning algorithms and principles, preferably deep learning and proven programming skills in Python
Personality and Working Practice: open-minded team player who is goal-oriented and logical thinking
Language: fluent in English (written and spoken), German is a plus
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.