About usFor us "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That’s why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe’s number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries.Your tasks
Being a member of the product team “Webshop Cloud Infrastructure” that develops, maintains and operates our high available online shops hosted on GCP and protected via Cloudflare
Significantly influencing solution architecture in line with the enterprise architecture principles and coding principles 
Ensuring efficient delivery of product backlog 
Influencing the backlog with respect to technical debt and product quality 
Preventing scrapers and scalpers from accessing our shops and ensuring that costumers have a smooth experience browsing our pages 
Improving and automating existing processes and solutions using infrastructure as a code 
Championing technology best practices and ensuring they are followed by respective competency team 
Supporting product teams with your knowledge about cloud services, web security, and continuous integration pipelines 
Active participation on technical community for the Cloud competency 
Requirements
Strong interest in how to run secure, highly scalable, multi-region hosted, and public facing websites
Fundamental background knowledge of system architectures, network protocols, and operating systems is desirable
Profound expertise in configuring & maintaining services on cloud platforms (e.g., GCP, Azure or AWS) via Infrastructure as a Code
Familiar with common DevOps technologies (K8s, Terraform, GitHub, Nginx, GitOps, etc.)
Skills in configuring a Web Application Firewall including rate limitations and bot detection rules would be a plus
Good knowledge on programming languages (especially Node.js) as well as (No)SQL databases
Experience in leading a team in an agile enterprise environment is a plus
Fluent in English, German is a plus
BenefitsYou want to be part of an innovative, dynamic environment in Consumer Electronics Retail? Join our agile teams! Thanks to our flexible workplace models, you have the opportunity to work in one of our locations in Ingolstadt / Munich and remotely. At the same time, we are building up our ""Regional Tech Offices"" in the metropolitan regions of Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Stuttgart.
International teams & versatile tasks
30 days vacation & subsidized company pension plan
Employees discount & Fitness Collaborations
Training & Education
Open corporate culture & Teamwork
Mobile work
