Jobs by email
umlaut
Project Lead - Cyber Security & Telecommunication (all genders)
bundesweit, Aachen, Berlin, Boblingen, Bremen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 22 hours ago
Show salary
Save
Jobbeschreibung
You are looking for the extraordinary, for something special, that certain wow!-thing!?
You find it at umlaut. In an interdisciplinary team you’ll provide our well-known customers with technological and organizational advice. Together, we catapult them into a new technological age with our engineering services.
In doing so, umlaut bundles its many years of expertise in all industries, including automotive, energy, aviation, and telecommunications as well as in the public sector.
The full-service company is part of the global Accenture family since 2021. With more than 5,000 engineers and experts at over 50 locations worldwide, umlaut strengthens the digital engineering competence of this leading consulting and technology company.
Join us when we transform the way customers design, construct and manufacture their products - and establish sustainability in the company on töp!
What awaits you
You oversee the areas of security and penetration testing in various segments, such as Mobile, Fixed, Smartphones, Apps and IoT
The management of projects and programs in the security environment on national and european level is your responsibility
With us you gain technical depth and aggregate the findings at high flight level into an overall picture
You are also responsible for the budget and resource planning of your projects and in charge of the control of assigned employees and service providers
Finally, you will accompany and lead project acquisitions to establish and expand customer relationships and thematic fields
Qualifikationen - What we are looking forward to
You have successfully completed your studies in computer science, IT-Security, communication technology or a related discipline and have at least 5 years of professional experience in the field of cyber security and a good knowledge of: 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G, IMS / VoLTE, Diameter, SS7, fixed line.
A PMP, SCRUM, PMI, CISSP, CEH, OSCP, CISA, CISM or similar certificate is an advantage
You have very good analytical and conceptual skills, a high degree of organizational and implementation skills, a strong level of communication, responsibility and teamwork as well as a high customer orientation
Mobility and willingness to travel frequently
You have very good knowledge of German and English
Your advantages with us
Ready, set, go: Responsibility from the start in an entrepreneurial environment allows you to make a difference from day one
Innovative project environments with well-known, globally active customers pave the way for you to help shape the technology of the future
Choose your own personal career path from unlimited individual development opportunities
Access to our global network gives you the opportunity to gain new experience outside your home country as well
Coaching, training, mentoring: We offer you our full support in terms of personal development and give you the security you need.
And on top of that, we put team spirit and a family culture that is as extraordinary and colorful as the rainbow marshmallows we serve with our coffee.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Terrace
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.