Jobs by email
ZEISS
Project Manager AI (m/w/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
The project manager AI will be part of highly motivated AI team within Digital Business Unit of ZEISS Meditec organization. The position will focus on management of the projects focusing on develop-ment of AI applications and AI infrastructure components in alignment with Meditec Business Units as well as with Zeiss Health Data Platform. The project management tasks will include setting up and executing projects as well as preparing releases according to the quality management require-ments
This position will report into Head of AI Zeiss Meditec (Munich, Germany).
Primary Duties and Responsibilities
Managing several SW AI development projects
Creating project plans, defining budget, milestones, quality and performance acceptance cri-teria
Time and resources estimation with involvement of the technical experts
Management of the project team with regard to the project execution
Alignment with stakeholders
Internal project coordination
Coordination with supporting functions: IT, Quality, Regulatory, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Product Management
Coordination with dependent projects
Project representation to external stakeholders
Risk analysis and risk management
Release management according to the QMS
Documentation and reporting
Effective management of project related obstacles (e.g. resources, competencies, process issues)
Contribution to process improvement, especially QMS processes
Ihr Profil
At least 3-5 years of experience leading R&D software projects in a regulated domain, ideally healthcare and/or AI related
Excellent stakeholder management skills
Ability to work in a cross-functional distributed setup
PMP certification or similar (optional)
Practical experience in Scrum / Agile
Business fluent English
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.