Jobs by email
ZEISS
Product Owner Modern Analytics and Reporting Platform (m/f/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Your role at ZEISS Digital:
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data & Analytics and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. As Product Owner at ZEISS Digital Partners, you are part of our Data and Analytics team and join the vibrant ZEISS data analytics and machine learning community. It’s you to champion, define, & build the next level of self-service business intelligence that will leverage data & analytics to enable and support strategic business decisions. You will deeply understand the needs of internal customers, the data that is available, and define and prioritize the product roadmap and be ultimately responsible for the success of your products. With your background in BI or analytics, you will also be a thought partner for your product colleagues and evangelize the use of data to influence decision making. Help us shape the future of ZEISS!
In this role you will:
Define the vision and strategy for self-service business intelligence and data products that enable strategic insights, e.g. into customers, production systems, equipment, & technology
Prioritize together with your stakeholders a roadmap of problems to be solved and work with a cross functional team of data engineers and analytics professionals to solve them
Manage new ideas from concept to launch
Manage initiatives and projects to improve or generate new BI product across data science and data engineering
Collaborate with key internal customers in finance and controlling units to ensure that decisions and key outcomes are being enabled in a co-creational mode
Partner with other Product Owners, Data Engineers & Analytics professionals to unify our data and analytics products for maximum impact to the business
Identify new requirements and design / build data flows on our enterprise data platform provided by Microsoft Azure technologies that meet customer’s business expectations.
Develop and optimize dashboards and identify new opportunities to differentiate our BI and analytics offering
Working closely with the UX designers and business analysts to design the right solution for users’ needs
Ihr Profil
You have:
An excellent University Degree with an analytical focus (e.g. economics, business informatics, computer science or mathematics)
Experience in team management is an advantage
Project Management and Consulting experience in BI is an advantage
Experience in an analytical field (e.g. business intelligence, marketing analytics, controlling)
Experience in the use of ETL, reporting and dashboarding tools
Experience in methods, procedures and concepts of analytics, data warehousing and, if applicable, data lakes
Knowledge on SAP Data Architecture and SAP Best Practices
Knowledge on Microsoft Reporting or similar solutions
Experience in stakeholder management and conflict resolution skills, especially in projects
Analytical thinking and quick comprehension even of complex issues
High level of commitment, persuasiveness, and communication skills
Good communication with peers, technical teams, and business representatives
Advanced English language skills
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.