Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior) C++ Software Engineer (all genders) - Sofia, Bulgaria
Sofia
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V567
Aufgaben
We are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. We develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission
You will work on the development and integration of the Infotainment Software stack into a production environment
You will take responsibility for developing new Infotainment Software components
You will design, document, implement and integrate your code. 
You will test ruthlessly on component level in cross platform, as well as on real target and in actual vehicles.
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
You hold a degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, electrical engineering or a comparable field.
You are experienced in software design and development using C++ for embedded systems.
You have good knowledge of object oriented design and design patterns.
You are experienced in software development for Linux OS and/or other POSIX compliant systems.
Knowledge in QNX is an advantage.
You have solid knowledge in real time processing.
You have experience in profiling and system analysis in RTOS and/or Linux
You have knowledge in Ethernet communication and in TCP/IP 
You are proficient in English
Personal skills
You have excellent communication and teamwork skills.
You take ownership and full responsibility for your tasks.
You have excellent organizational, time management, prioritization an multi- tasking skills.
You have a proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting.
You have the ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast paced environment.
You have a high level of initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us?
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz Group AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
Flexible working hours, flexible scheme for working from home
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team! You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Violina Stoeva (violina.stoeva@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
1784 Sofia, Bulgaria
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.