Jobs by email
FANUC Europe Corporation
SAP E-Commerce Cloud Developer (m/f/d)
Echternach
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
FANUC is the world leading provider of factory automation. Our machine range includes a number of Robots, Cutting, Drilling, and Injection moulding machines, Laser, motors and control systems used in automation. 
FANUC Europe Corporation is the European Headquarter, located in Luxembourg. Our 250+ employees provide a full range of services to our 20+ European subsidiaries. This includes European Sales and Service, Technical Support, Supply Chain, Spare Parts and Repairs, as well as Marketing, Human Resources, IT, Legal, Compliance and Administrative Support.
With over 20 different nationalities represented in our HQ, we look forward to welcoming more ambitious and team spirited people joining us, who like to work independently and speak their mind; seeking to continuously improve and maintain our healthy, professional and friendly workplace.
Who are we? Take a look!
Our European IT department is looking for a SAP E-Commerce Cloud Developer to support our Enterprise Application team in Echternach. You will work as part of a developer team based in Echternach and will contribute to the development of a new Customer Portal and E-Store based on SAP Commerce Cloud.
Your tasks will include:
You work independently as part of an agile team and will configure, design, build, and test user stories in SAP Commerce Cloud environment;
You ensure the operation of the platform and integration of third-party systems together with our service provider and internal team;
Together with the team you will work on further developments of the Customer Portal to offer our customer the best digital services;
Analysis and elimination of errors and bugs in 2nd and 3rd level;
Gradual familiarization also in front-end development to implement holistically (front-end and back-end);
Your profile:
Bachelor's or master’s degree in Computer Science or similar;
SAP Commerce Cloud / SAP Hybris expertise, as well as (first) relevant work experience as a developer in this area;
Experience in agile software development with Java, as well as related 'state of the art' programming languages, techniques & frameworks in the SAP Commerce environment;
Familiarity with API development and integrations of other platforms using SAP BTP;
Knowledge of SAP S/4 HANA is a plus;
Strong proficiency in SAP Commerce standard technology with focus on Java and Angular;
Knowledge of SAP Spartacus;
Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA, Confluence;
Experience with CI/CD tools, Git etc.;
Interest in digitalization and E-Commerce;
Team and service oriented with good communication skills;
English minimum, German desired, any additional language seen as asset;
What we offer:
You will be given a 360° insight into a department that supports European business in a variety of different areas. You will get the opportunity to work in a global environment and in a dynamic company where people are the centre of all activities. We manage diverse projects, we are passionate about our work and due to our continuous development process we set trends in the international automation industry.
English is our company language. Therefore please ensure that you send your application (cover letter and CV) in English for smoother processing.
Please note that we are located in the Industrial Zone in Echternach. We thus recommend that all applicants have access to a personal vehicle as public transport options are extremely limited. 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
FANUC Europe Corporation
rue Benedikt Zender 7, 6468 Echternach, Luxemburg
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -