Jobs by email
upday GmbH & Co. KG
Senior Data Analyst (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Company Description
upday is a media and tech company and the leading news app in Europe with more than 25 million MAUs. Founded in 2016 as a joint project between Axel Springer and Samsung Electronics, upday became profitable after just 3 years in the market.  
If you’re looking to join a dynamic and international team full of fantastic talent that has the energy of a start-up but the stability of an established media company - look no further, we are your match! 
Senior Data Analyst (m/f/d)
Your Challenges
Own business intelligence and product analytics projects from conception to execution, present insight and suggestions
Share the responsibility of maintaining data accuracy and availability with data engineers
Maintain relationships with various stakeholders to understand business/product vision, requirements & priorities, along with providing actionable insights
Manage already existing dashboards, develop creative and relevant data visualizations to convey the company's trends and KPIs
Support product stakeholders with ab tests, and others with ad hoc analysis
Collaborate with data engineers and product owners, work cross-functionally to build new data products
Work closely with stakeholders to translate abstract data requirements into concise deliverable analysis/dashboards
Your Profile
At least 3 years experience in either computer science, information systems/business informatics or economics, or as a business administration graduate
Excellent SQL knowledge
Experienced in number crunching, information filtering, and preparing reports for different audiences
Experience with statistical data analysis techniques (such as regression, extrapolation, time series analysis, forecasting, and AB testing)
Experienced with managing own projects and prioritizing tasks using management tools like Jira
Clear and structured written communication skills with fluency in English, other languages are an advantage
Data visualizations with Looker (alternatively Tableau, QlikView, MS PowerBI, etc.)
Work closely with stakeholders to translate abstract data requirements into concise deliverable analysis/dashboards
Our Benefits
Why joining us? 
New Work atmosphere with flat hierarchies, fast decision-making processes and an inspiring high-pace environment 
A great opportunity to work with talented and diverse colleagues from different departments of the upday family (technology, product, marketing, editorial) 
In addition to free drinks, fresh fruit, you will receive discounts in the Axel Springer canteen|restaurant and benefit from other advantages of belonging to the company 
We are located in a brand new and terrific open-plan office in the heart of Berlin 
This position is possible fully-remote or hybrid
A lot of team building event such as summer party, lasertag, christmas party, boat party, karaoke 
Frequent pizza and beer events and afterworks on our 360 rooftop 
Queer seite regroups LGBTQIA + people working for AS group who organise events, talks and pushes LGBTQAI+ agenda within the AS group and drives new projects to make AS more inclusive. 
Every year we do an employee nps survey to measure satisfaction 
Feel free to check our alumnis reviews on Glassdoor & Kununu 
What we offer?
We provide an onboarding in terms of office equipment in all of the regions and countries through an external service provider (Mac or Microsoft notebook, and Samsung phone)
We provide visa advisory support through a external service provider
We participate and or host a lot of amazing events such as Tech Con | Women in Tech | Women mentoring programm | Hackathons  | congresses | job fairs
Are you interested? Looking forward to reading your application!
Because I am your contact partner for this position: Stella Bailleux.
Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs (impostor syndrome) unless they meet every single qualification. At upday we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
A small insight into how we live and implement diversity and inclusion at upday can be found here: https://www.diversity.axelspringer.com/di-stories/upday
We are looking forward to receiving all applications regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
upday GmbH & Co. KG
Berlin, Germany