Jobs by email
Microsoft Deutschland GmbH
Data Center Project Manager (m/f/d)
Frankfurt am Main
Temporary
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Microsoft Deutschland GmbH is the second largest subsidiary of Microsoft Corporation. In Germany, it is responsible for marketing products and serving customers and partners. Microsoft Deutschland GmbH cooperates with around 36,500 local partner companies and is represented by six other branches nationwide in addition to its headquarters in Munich.
Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission.
At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every business in the world to achieve more. The CO+I (Cloud Operation & Innovation) area is home to the Data Center Operations Unit. In this business area, we are responsible for the operation of existing data centers and for the development of further capacities.
Responsibilities:
Ensures compliance with Data Center Business Units and service-level policies. Abides by all Service Level and Organizational Level Agreements (SLA/OLAs) to meet compliance and service requirements. Ensures third parties are compliant with security and safety guidelines. May suggest changes for improvements based on experience.
Collaborate with appropriate teams and resources and as well as the Onsite data center Teams to ensure efficient flow of the tasks and project related. Demonstrates conscientiousness on cost adheres to budget requirements; keeps costs reasonable and contributes to staying within budget; supports managers in creating budget forecasts; provides input as needed to meet timely and accurate estimates on budget allocation. Plans and bills in a timely and accurate manner; supports finance for accruals; takes steps to avoid After-the-Fact (ATF) costs; creates and monitors Purchase Orders (POs) as needed to ensure sufficient funds for operations.
Supplier/Vendor oversight, ensure that suppliers execute tasks in the data center as per company standards and take follow-on action whenever necessary.
Executes strategic vision as communicated by leaders.
Follows and adheres to safety and security policies and procedures. Reports immediately any safety or security issues or concerns. Participates in Root Cause Analysis (RCA) process as appropriate.
Your Profile:
Technical University degree in Computer Science, Math, Telecommunications or related field.
1+ year(s) industry experience in Critical Environment infrastructures (e.g., UPS, Generator, AHU) or working in physical IT infrastructures (e.g., Servers, SANs, Networking, Capacity, DC Rack/Enclosures, structured cabling). Preferred in data center technician roles or comparable positions.
3+ years of relevant IT-related course work.
Availability to work 100% in a data center.
Applicable certifications: ASICS/Inventory Control, CompTIA, Microsoft, Network Certifications, PMP, ITIL, CDCP.
Conflict resolution and problem solving skills.
A character that exemplifies the Microsoft values of respect, integrity, accountability and fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment.
Strong written and spoken English skills required.
Contact:
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Microsoft Deutschland GmbH
60311 Frankfurt, Deutschland