Jobs by email
sonnen GmbH
Requirements Engineer (m/w/d)
Wildpoldsried, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Requirements Engineer (m/w/d)
Standort: Wildpoldsried, BY, DE Berlin, BE, DE
Stellen-ID: 3852
At the earliest date possible we are looking for support for our #teamsonnen
Clean and affordable energy for all is one of the greatest challenges of our time. Sonnen has been committed to this mission since 2010 and is now represented in Europe, the USA and Australia with over 1,000 team members globally. In Germany, our offices are located in the beautiful Wildpoldsried (Allgäu) and the vibrating heart of Berlin Kreuzberg.
At sonnen, we are building the energy system of the future. To this end, we are developing new technologies and business models that have not existed before. Whether intelligent power storage, virtual power plants or digital services - we set the trends of a new energy world. That means, among other things, the inexpensive production and storage of renewable energy and the intelligent networking of producers and consumers. sonnen thereby gives people around the world the opportunity to become independent of fossil fuels and conventional energy supplier.
We are growing steadily and are looking for people who want to join us in our vision of clean and affordable energy for all while making a positive impact on climate change.
We are looking for an agile Requirements Engineer to join our Delivery Platform Development department on a full-time basis. In this exciting position, you will play a critical role in defining the requirements for developing and operating sonnen's digital products. As a team member of the Scrum team you will work closely with the team members and the product owner as well as the product management team, and stakeholders from various teams across the company to build effective processes and an outstanding user experience.
We work in cross-functional and self-organized Scrum teams following the "You build it – you run it" approach. As the agile Requirements Engineer, you will be responsible for the thorough requirements engineering process, user story refinement, KPI tracking and concept creation. Jira, Confluence, Teams, and Miro are the tools we use most.
Because technology is constantly evolving, we invest in the growth of our teams and talents. We provide access to learning tools and platforms, and sponsor conference visits.
By joining our team you will actively participate in the worldwide energy transition, becoming a part of a leading energy storage company.
What you'll do to help drive energy transition:
You are part of an agile Scrum team including Software Developers, agile Requirement Engineers, Product Owner, Business Operations & Scrum Master in a digital working environment and drive the energy transition forward together with sonnen .
You define the requirements for the Customer Contracts area and develop further the digital platform solution in your area. This also includes the identification of incremental requirements through user stories and acceptance criteria according to the principle of agile Requirements Engineering.
You support the team to manage further development of the business operations processes and take care of requests from internal stakeholders with an international focus
You communicate and collaborate proactively with the team, Product Owners and international stakeholders in order to create overall transparency and clarity.
You drive the digitalisation of manual business processes.
What you'll need on that journey:
You have a Bachelor or Master degree preferably in the fields of economics, (business) informatics, (business) engineering, energy management or comparable studies or at least experience in the field of photovoltaics, the energy industry or digital product development.
You have experience with agile project management tools and Agile methods., for requirements engineering, such as user stories, user story maps, etc. In the best case you have worked in a Scrum team before.
You are an ace in collecting value-added requirements from the stakeholders, matching it against business goals and dependencies, and writing down clear user stories to brief the development team.
You like to analyze usage statistics and work our requirements with stakeholders to define improvements or new features.
You are communicative and open-minded, not afraid to approach colleagues from other teams or communicate directly with customers.
You are a team player with a hands-on mentality and a person who knows how to organize her/his tasks.
Experience with Salesforce and Tableau, or similar tools, is a plus, but not a must.
You have excellent English language skills (C1) as well as a solid mastery of German (B2)
What you can expect at sonnen:
An atmosphere of openness, tolerance and mutual respect, where innovation is expected and encouraged
The option of working full- or part-time for every position
30-32 days annual vacation with increasing team membership
Leasing of company (e-)bikes with up to 40% discount
Flexible working hours and option working mobile
Mental health and wellbeing offering for you and your family members
Free German, English as well as online yoga and body art courses
Soft drinks, fruits and cereals in our offices
Use of sports memberships (EGYM Wellpass, only €29.75/month) and discounts for other services and products
Employee discount on our electricity tariff
Regular team and company events
We love dogs! You too? Feel free to bring your fellow friend to our offices
You feel we are a match?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.