Jobs by email
msg security advisors
(Associate) Innovation Consultant Cyber Security – full-/part-time (m/f/d)
Berlin, Essen, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Karlsruhe, Köln, München, Nürnberg, Passau, Stuttgart, Bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
The consulting unit of the msg group on cyber security and data protection, msg Security Advisors, is looking for you as:
(Associate) Innovation Consultant 
Cyber Security (m/f/d)
Full-/Partime | Job-ID: msg-50631861-000
For following locations: Berlin, Braunschweig, Chemnitz, Düsseldorf, Essen, Frankfurt, Görlitz, Hamburg, Hannover, Ingolstadt, Karlsruhe, Köln, Lingen (Ems), München, Münster, Nürnberg, Passau, Schortens, Stuttgart, Wolfsburg, Deutschlandweit, St Georgen
Would you like to take on responsible tasks in varied projects with social relevance in the field of information security? In our security advisors unit, we increase the resilience of organizations, processes and systems with innovative and solution-oriented advice, thereby creating professional information security for excellent organizations. In our business unit you can create, grow personally and set standards.
msg is an independent group of companies with more than 10,000 employees worldwide. We owe our excellent reputation to our holistic range of services consisting of innovative strategic advice and intelligent, sustainable IT solutions for a large number of industries.
What you can expect from us
You will work in motivated and highly qualified teams on exciting information security projects, one of the fastest growing IT sectors at the moment
Work on exciting innovation topics such as blockchain, SSI, digital identities and Wallets
Support of large-scale international consortiums, innovation and project management of European pilot projects in the eID and DLT area
Close cooperation with clients from politics, science and industry from several European countries with focus on DACH
Opportunity for career development as well in project management as technical topics
„Grow Your Talent“: Methodically sound offers for the development of personal strengths, the targeted expansion of professional competence and the improvement of a focused way of working
Your Skills
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree, e.g. (Business-) Informatics, IT-Security or comparable education
First experience in above topics in research projects or as Working Student / Intern would be a plus
Knowledge of project management, ideally initial experience in classic as well as agile project management
Basic technical understanding of our core topics and you enjoy working with different stakeholders
Precise and independent way of working
Experience in studying or working abroad is a big plus
Fluent in English and at least Level B2 in German – and you want to continue learning it
What we offer
We focus on people – besides our cultural program that bears this name, it is a daily requirement and an integral part of msg's appreciation. Our cooperation is characterized by flat hierarchies, a very personal corporate culture and sustainable business decisions. msg offers flexible working time models, attractive development opportunities and numerous other benefits.
“home office” & mobile working
Flexible working times
Time recording based on trust
Overtime pay
30 days vacation and special vacation days
Long-term accounts / sabbatical
Free choice of location (Germany based)
Low travel activity
Comprehensive training measures (e.g. Grow Your Talent)
This is your way to msg
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.