Jobs by email
BMW Group
Android Software Engineer UI Toolkit (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 22 hours ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our IT-Software Development team in München is currently seeking a
Android Software Engineer UI Toolkit (f/m/x)
Tasks
TAKE A TRIP ON THE REAL SUPERHIGHWAY.
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
More than 90% of automotive innovations are based on electronics and software. That's why creative freedom and lateral thinking are so important in the pursuit of truly new solutions. Naturally, this includes flexible working models, so that our IT specialists are free to go in unconventional directions.
We offer you the opportunity to work with a team of exceptional software engineers in the area of onboard UI/UX development. Your work will have high impact on future BMW vehicles and shape the brand perception for years to come. Be part of that journey!
What awaits you?
You will contribute to an Android-based software stack for the next generation of BMW onboard user interfaces.
Your main focus will be the development of powerful 2D/3D UI components that are the backbone for app teams to build engaging customer experiences.
Aside from actual coding you will work on the overall toolkit architecture and push technological progress.
By applying agile methods and tools you will deliver spot-on and ensure production-level quality of your software.
Profile
What you should bring along?
University degree in software engineering or a related field.
At least 5 years of experience in Android development in Kotlin/Java including best practices in software architecture and API design.
Experience in embedded systems programming and the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) would be a plus.
Self-driven, strong work ethic and able to work independently as member of a cross functional team.
Business-fluent English, German would be an advantage.
You enjoy working in a cross functional team and are passionate about developing integral components of our infotainment system? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. e-mail) cannot be considered.
We offer
What we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 90865
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.