Jobs by email
Airbus Group
Technical Data Application Owner (d/f/m)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Airbus Commercial Aircraft is looking for a
Technical Data Application Owner (d/f/m)
located in Hamburg with a possible start date of July 2023 (earlier/later possible).
You will be part of the international team "Technical Data Assembly" and Delivery in Customer Services.
The operational unit "Technical Data" in charge of developing and delivering aircraft maintenance and flight operations documentation, to enable the safe and efficient accomplishment of maintenance and operations of aircraft by our customers (airlines, maintenance repair and overhaul, MRO, lessors).
Tech Data offers a wide view on maintenance documentation and data management: From the design office who is at the origin of the design and evolution of aircraft design, to the authoring domains.
The Assembly & Delivery team is supporting the Tech Data communities with data analysis and data mining. Driving all projects, methods and tools, and process improvements related to the assembly and delivery of the Tech Data products is our key competence.
Are you looking for an interesting entry level position? 
Have you already been able to gain initial work experience? 
Do you want to develop yourself and feel that your ideas matter? 
If you answer “yes” three times, then please read on. 
In this position, you will be responsible for functional support and for the run mode of the application.
Furthermore, you coordinate and validate any evolution or improvement needed for the application and its interfaces with other functional areas. Data analysis on engineering and maintenance Technical Data is part of your role, too.
Finally you will work with the other application owners, IT development teams, project leaders and product leaders.
Your location
You will be working at the largest production site for civil aircraft situated in Hamburg. Its location on the southern banks of the river Elbe includes the option to commute by ferry. Experience the special flair of Hamburg in your spare time where vibrant cosmopolitan culture meets nautic legacy.
Your benefits
Attractive salary including vacation pay, Christmas bonus and profit sharing
30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, public transport subsidy, discounts at local businesses
On-site-facilities: Company kindergarten, medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. 
Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
   Your tasks and responsibilities
As Technical Data Application Owner you support business users internal and external (airlines, MROs, lessors) 
You ensure the follow-up of the defects opened for the application and capture any improvement opportunity
Authoring and updating the requirement dossiers relative to the application is one of your responsibilities
You manage all the changes for the application
You ensure the interface between transnational business end-users and IT management team
You supervise and control the subcontracted activities regarding the application
Performing Data Analysis based on SGML/XML data structure within the data analyst community
Your boarding pass
Master's degree in computer sciences, business informatics or similar
First experience in XML
Basic knowledge of project management
Basic programming skills e.g. Python, C++, SQL
Product configuration knowledge is a plus
Your language skills
English at negotiation level
French advanced level is a clear plus
German beginner level is a plus
Your soft skills
Your working method is very structured and you have the ability to think analytically and understand complex situations
You like to work in an international environment with different cultures
As an open-minded person you are interested in continuous learning and you like to challenge the status quo
You have good communication skills and the ability to convince and motivate your colleagues
Business travels
This position involves a willingness to travel on a regular basis (e.g. once a month within Europe).
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Hamburg, Deutschland