Jobs by email
Capgemini Engineering
Fullstack Developer - Life Science (f/m/d)
München, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Berlin, Hamburg, Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About the company
Since 2020, Capgemini Engineering (formerly Altran) has been an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. As a part of the Capgemini family and a global leader in engineering and R&D services, we bring the most powerful innovation for Intelligent Industry to the world of tomorrow: on the road, in the air, on the seas, in rail transport, in energy production, in life science, finance and telecommunications. We have more than 52,000 engineers and scientists in over 30 countries. Our mission to develop technology for an inclusive and sustainable future requires one thing above all: human energy! We want to grow. Are you a technology enthusiast, ambitious and would you like to be a part of something big? Are you the ONE for Capgemini Engineering?
Welcome to our sector Life Sciences. Around 3,000 colleagues worldwide make their contribution to the most important thing in life: health. From the development of vaccines and the digitalization of the health care system to forward-looking topics such as eHealth and digital therapeutics, we place our expertise in the pharmaceutical sector, medical technology and biotechnology at the service of our renowned customers. Are you the one to explore LIFE?
This is the job
You will be part of a global Life Science team, you will be working on the design and implementation of a new end-to-end data ecosystem for different business units of a pharmaceutical customer.
You build cloud-native data platforms which serve as the basis for implementation of different use cases in R&D and Manufacturing.
You work closely together with customers domains experts on solution for drug discovery, clinical study design, clinical trial planning and operations, self-service applications and automation for labs, anomaly detection in production and many others.
You collaborate with Data Scientists to obtain, visualize and interpret relevant data including unprocessed data; enabling them to continuously and holistically monitor the behavior of the analytical methods and systems.
You develop pharma exploratory solutions with microservice architecture using frontend frameworks such as Angular, React and backend with Python and Java.
In the context of agile software projects, you will be part of a cross functional SCRUM team and practice all Scrum rituals.
This is what we need
University degree in (business) computer science, mathematics, physics or another IT-related degree.
At least 4 years of practical experience in software engineering, object-oriented programming and microservices.
Initial experience in managing small projects or sub-projects or in architectural tasks.
Sound experience in Java technologies (Java, Hibernate, Spring Boot) or in web development (Angular, HTML5, CSS, TypeScript and Javascript).
Experience in versioning (branching and merging concepts) of program code (GIT, SVN) as well as the connection of databases (RDBMS, No-SQL) and APIs (REST, web services).
Extensive hands-on experience in cloud services from AWS, GCP, or MS Azure.
Good data visualization, storytelling skills and understanding of the agile software development process.
Excellent analytical thinking, problem solving, good communication and collaboration skills.
A structured way of working and very good English skills. German language is an advantage.
This is what we offer
Exciting mix of projects in R&D and Digital Manufacturing, high learning effects as well as varied fields of activity from the world of Capgemini Engineering for the most renowned clients in Biopharma, MedTech and Consumer Health.
High transparency in career development in an extremely dynamic work environment, where promotion opportunities and perspective have a great deal of scope.
Appreciative, diverse work environment, individually tailored training opportunities, web-based training platform with internal and external training opportunities.
Numerous networking opportunities via professional and technical communities, but also celebrating across locations is part of our culture (e. g. team events, summer party, kick-off events etc.).
We look forward to meeting you
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Stock options
Home office
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.