Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
(Senior) Technical Web Analyst (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Introduction
At StepStone we have a simple but very important mission: As one of the leading digital recruiting platforms and #2 most popular tech employer in Germany, we help everyone find the right job. Therefore, we need you! 
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a (Senior) Technical Web Analyst (m/f/d) in Hamburg, Düsseldorf or London. As part of our Marketing Analytics team you will work closely with our Marketing, Analytics and Development teams to understand and improve the efficiency of our marketing investments.
We are an international and global employer therefore equal opportunities are important for us. We are looking forward to applications from mothers, fathers, people with disabilities and people from the LGBTQIA+ community. Please let us know, if we e.g. should use a gender neutral pronoun, you need barrier-free access to our offices or we should plan for more time during the application process.
Join us and become part of one of the largest German digital enterprises with more than 4,000 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies.
Your Tasks
You set up, manage and control data flows within Marketing via Tealium Tag Manager, Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics 
You understand, optimize, and execute the requirements for tagging from a Marketing perspective together with our Tracking team 
You work closely together with Data Analysts, Data Engineers, and Software Developers on enhancing our reporting and performance measurement 
You own tracking and KPI data quality monitoring to ensure that Marketing performance data is reliably tracked and reported 
You audit existing (tracking) implementations and troubleshoot tracking issues while being the single point of contact communicating and following up on impact of tracking issues and consequences 
Your Profile
You possess relevant professional experience in an analytical role ideally in a digital business, consultancy, media or market research 
Experience with tag management solutions (Google Tag Manager 360 and/or Tealium – preferably certified) and server-side tagging solutions (conversion API, offline conversion imports) 
Deep knowledge of web analytics systems like Adobe Analytics (preferably) or Google Analytics 
Good understanding of cookie behavior and web technologies like JavaScript, HTML & CSS  
You have coding experience in Python/R and SQL and you are keen on learning more  
Ability to identify and solve complex analytical challenges and to communicate them with both technical and non-technical stakeholders 
You are fluent in English, German is a plus
Your Benefits
Our location? In Hamburg Hoheluft!  For you that means we're easy to reach - whether by train or bike. By the way: We sponsor 50% of your job ticket. 
Job-bike: And we also have good news for all cyclists: with our Job-bike offer, we support you in getting to the office quickly and sustainably (after one year of employment).
Fancy a coffee? Our coffee is brewed fresh and free of charge. Speaking of fresh, of course, we also serve fresh fruit every day.  
Are you into fitness? Great! You can keep fit in our small fitness room for your sporting activities. 
Your start at StepStone: We want you to feel comfortable right from the get-go and you can begin networking immediately. That's why we always start with an onboarding event lasting several days, during which you get to know your new colleagues, our products and our culture. After that, the onboarding continues in your department - with several weeks of individual training. 
We support you: We want you to become part of the StepStone family as quickly as possible! That is why we will support you with all the formalities during the visa process.
Your further development: We are growing - and of course we want you to grow with us. We will support you with targeted training that will help you develop both personally and professionally.  
Big player with start-up flair: Even though we've grown quite a bit, we haven't lost our laidback attitude from the early days. In concrete terms, this means that we are on a first-name basis, we have short communication channels, flat hierarchies and super helpful colleagues.  
Social Days: Talk is silver, action is golden - which is exactly why all our employees have 2 Social Days a year. These can be used flexibly for social and sustainable commitment. And the best thing about it: you don't have to take any holidays.  
Holidays: While we're on the subject of holidays ... We offer 30 days of paid leave per year plus one customary day. And we always have Christmas and New Year's Eve off.  
Mobile Office: This is also possible with us! As a general rule, we offer two days of remote working per week. Feel free to ask directly during the interview to find out what the policy is for your role.  
Our in-house post office: Standing in line isn't your thing? Then simply have your parcels delivered to the office.  
Even more benefits: Christmas party, summer party, team events, incentive trips, subsidization on our company pension scheme and great offers at wholesale rates (e.g. for mobile phone contracts, Sixt and hotel bookings with HRS) - our list is long. There's bound to be something for you too! 
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
Straßenbahnring 19, 20251 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates