Jobs by email
BMW Group
Senior System Engineer Infotainment Control Unit Android(f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
Our brands BMW, MINI, Rolls-Royce and BMW Motorrad have made us one of the world's leading premium manufacturer of cars and motorcycles as well as provider of premium financial and mobility services.
Our Engineering team in München is currently seeking a
Senior System Engineer Infotainment Control Unit Android(f/m/x)
Tasks
WHY JUST BUILD A CAR WHEN YOU COULD REINVENT MOBILITY?
SHARE YOUR PASSION.
At the BMW Group, everything starts with passion. It turns a profession into a vocation. It drives us to keep reinventing mobility and to bring innovative ideas to the roads. Enthusiasm for joint projects turns a team into a strong unit where every opinion is valued. It is only when expertise, highly professional processes and enjoyment of work unite that we can shape the future together. Whatever your heart's desire - in the BMW Group, you will find a wide range of departments and disciplines across the world where you can share your professional passion with us.
You will take on a technical leadership role in the Android based cockpit controller combining infotainment and instrument cluster functions. In this role you are responsible for the system driven design and implementation role to ensure the overall functionality of the system.
What awaits you?
You are a core member of the ECU system engineering group which provides technical leadership to the project in conjunction with SW Architecture to ensure maximum velocity and agility for the ECU.
Together with the SW architecture practice, you ensure the implementation and integration of innovative concepts and technologies into the SW stack.
You drive, review and contribute to architectural and implementation decisions for Android, Linux and Hypervisor.
You collaborate within the systems engineering group and with various domain teams to understand and solve complex issues.
You shape and iterate the agile work model for large platform teams to develop the platform as well as application.
You understand requirements and their impact on the system to create design approaches resolve issues and resolve conflicts between different stakeholders do derive the most effective solution.
You ensure the system's performance, stability and testability.
Profile
What should you bring along?
University degree in Computer Science or a comparable field of study with a strong focus in a closely related degree.
Multiple years of experience and track records in technical leadership and software delivery, ideally in consumer electronics as well as in in-vehicle infotainment.
Deep technical background in software engineering, proven experience in software development.
Experience in virtualization, IPC, software architecture and systems driven design.
Passion for customer-centric product development, understanding and leveraging digital eco-systems.
Experience in applying and iterating modern SW development practices and methods.
A proven record of collaboration and effective communication and large-scale projects.
Experience with NPUs or TEEs is a plus.
Excellent English communication skills.
You enjoy working in an international team and are passionate about software quality? Apply now!
Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. email) cannot be considered.
We offer
What do we offer?
30 days of holiday.
Attractive remuneration.
BMW & MINI promotions.
Career development.
Flexible organisation of working times.
High Work-Life Balance.
Mobility offers.
And many other benefits - see bmw.jobs/benefits
At the BMW Group, we see diversity and inclusion in all its dimensions as a strength for our teams. Equal opportunities are a particular concern for us, and the equal treatment of applicants and employees is a fundamental principle of our corporate policy. That is why our recruiting decisions are also based on personality, experience and skills.
Find out more about diversity at the BMW Group at bmwgroup.jobs/diversity
Earliest starting date: from now on
Type of employment: unlimited
Working hours: full-time
Job Reference: 64883
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BMW Group
80809 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.