Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
Simpack FrontEnd Support Engineer (m/f/d)
Gilching, München, Stuttgart, Karlsruhe, Aachen, Hamburg und Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Imagine new horizons...
Dassault Systèmes is the second largest software manufacturer in Europe and has been a dynamically growing, innovative company since 1981.
Do you have dreams? Do you enjoy challenges? Here at Dassault Systèmes, we empower people with passion to change the world.
As a Simpack FrontEnd Support Engineer (m/f/d) you will be part of the SIMULIA Customer Services (Interactive Products Simpack) team to provide world-class support to our users, customers, and partners to ensure that support is a crucial differentiator for SIMULIA Simpack.
Your responsibilities:
Determine requests related to the application (engineering issues, configuration, defects, etc.)
Advise users on the resolution path
Capitalize on knowledge: Create knowledge base articles and best practice documents for existing issues to advise on proposed methodology or workaround
Provide best in class communication internally (Backend, R&D, Management) & externally (customers)
Develop customized applications using Simpack scripting capabilities
Develop workflows involving real customer scenarios for sales/marketing
Your qualifications:
Advanced degree in aerospace, mechanical, civil, applied mechanics, or a closely related field plus two years of related work experience
Engineering mechanics with strong physical intuition
Multiple years of experience in multibody simulation and finite elements, preferably with commercial software (Simpack, Adams, Virtual Lab Motion, Abaqus)
Strong verbal and written skills in English and German
Ability to work both independently and/or in a team as needed
Time management, organization, and the ability to simultaneously handle multiple ongoing investigations
Preferable (but not mandatory): General IT affinity and knowledge, to solve infrastructure-related problems
What's in it for you?
A permanent job in a sustainable, innovative, science-oriented international company 
An open, creative, dynamic work environment in a motivated team  
Varied challenging and rewarding tasks 
Attractive training opportunities, supportive colleagues 
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €