Jobs by email
Hapag-Lloyd AG
Working Student (m/f/d) Process and Project Analysis
Hamburg
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
I'm interested
Save
Who we are
Food, machinery or T-shirts: Hapag-Lloyd moves goods around the globe with over 250 container ships. We connect more than 600 ports on all continents and are one of the largest liner shipping companies. More than 13,000 employees work on board, ashore or in one of our 350 offices. Together, we transport around 12 million containers per year. Our corporate values "We care. We move. We deliver" serve as coordinates on our way. They guide our collaboration with each other as colleagues and with our customers to achieve the best possible quality. In the long run, we are committed to climate and environmental protection as well as human rights and many other social issues.
Your tasks & responsibilities
Our PPS team is a cross-functional team focused on processes and performance improvement related topics. It will be crucial for creating best practices and gaining insights for Area Germany & Central Europe, especially in major hubs such as a QSC.
Working across departments will enable you to identify the root cause of a problem and define effective measures to increase efficiency and create synergies.
You will participate in further developing our cross-functional project structure 
You are responsible to schedule and arrange meetings for our project review structure
Furthermore, you will play an active role in our review meeting structure (moderate) and support us in preparing meeting minutes and recaps
One task will be also the optimization of our project tracking
In addition, you assist our team in tracking our projects and their performances
All in all, you will be part of our multi-national team
Your Qualifications
For us, it's not just the professional qualifications that have to be right. It is important to us that you also fit in as a person. Please feel free to apply even if you don't have all the right skills. We can work on that together.
You are matriculated in a fulltime course of study with the specialization in economics, or a comparable major
You are eager on development and implementation of new concepts
You are confident in using MS Office (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel) tools
You are keen in using other project management tools
You enjoy knowledge transfer, communication and trainings
You bring a basic analytical competence and have a structured way of working
You are curious to deal with various topics and help to shape them
You have very good communication skills in German and English (spoken and written)
What we offer
You get the chance to learn from a dedicated and multinational team
We not only network the world, but also ourselves - starting with the internal student network
To help you balance lectures and work, mobile working by arrangement is not uncommon with us
With virtual yoga or body workouts you can stay fit even in the present time
We will offer you attractive options for the small or large appetite in between
Good to know
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Hapag-Lloyd AG
Rosenstraße 17, 20095 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates