Jobs by email
Klarna GmbH
Senior Security Engineer - Security Operations Center
BERLIN
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About Klarna
Since 2005 Klarna has been on a mission to revolutionize the retail banking industry. With over 150 million global active users and 2 million transactions per day, Klarna is meeting the changing demands of consumers by saving them time and money while helping them be informed and in control. Over 450,000 global retail partners, including H&M, Saks, Sephora, Macys, IKEA, Expedia Group, and Nike have integrated Klarna's innovative technology to deliver a seamless shopping experience online and in-store. Klarna has over 6,000 employees and is active in 45 markets.
On our path to becoming the world’s favorite way to shop, we’re assembling an unparalleled global talent network, accelerating individual careers, and disrupting entire industries. We are on a mission to liberate humanity from all the meaningless time spent managing their purchases and finances, so they can do more of what they love. We’re in search of global talent eager to embrace our atmosphere and defy their own expectations.
Our Global Trust Center is rapidly growing and we are looking for new talent to join our Security Operation Center (SOC) team. If your background is within Managed Security Services, Inhouse SOC or Computer Incident Response Team we will offer you an environment that challenges the status quo and builds something different.
Our dedicated team has two focus areas; Threat Monitoring & Detection and Incident Response, with support from our Cyber Threat Intel partners. The SOC team tries to use the best-of-breed tools for monitoring and detection as well as make the best use of traditional security platforms. With a focus on automation and applying analytics to our signals, we have an objective to be highly efficient in our operations with very few false positives.
Our goal is to improve our capabilities in cyber response, to develop the most effective ways of evaluating and triaging security events and invoking appropriate response plans to events. We work in a continuously evolving business environment, therefore the technologies and processes we use are continuously changing as well. This means that this role requires people with great minds and brilliant ideas able and willing to challenge the traditional ways of operating a SOC function and try out new things.
What you'll get to do
Onboard data sources and manage our new SaaS platform for log ingestion.
Play a key part for correlation rules and dashboard creation and support the rest of the team and our internal customers.
Work in a team with an investigative spirit, good perception, and judgment of the security landscape
Develop our strategy for finding innovative ways to monitor our infrastructure, customers, partners, and employees
Be the target of security attacks and take mitigation measures
Provide in-depth cybersecurity analysis and trending of logs, event data, and alerts from a diverse range of log sources
Be part of building security functions for native cloud-based environments
Since cybercriminals do not keep business hours the job includes on-call duties on a scheduled and rotating basis (approximately every four weeks)
To succeed in this role, we think you should have
Past experience from a Managed Security Services Provider or in-house Security Operations Center
Developed and implemented new cybersecurity use cases for SIEM
Experience in working with AWS, Google Cloud Platform, or Azure security services
Experience in endpoint protection and response solutions
Experience in networking and network security, such as firewalls, IDS/IPS, and network traffic analysis tools
Skills in incident and stakeholder management from preparation to post-mortems
DevOps and Cloud Skills
Comfortably works in Mac, Linux, and Windows OS
Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment knowledge
Can build serverless functions, messaging, queues, and data storage solutions
Can work with Web APIs and develop integration pipelines
Coding/Scripting experience (software development, infrastructure as code) All coding or scripting languages welcome
Security Operations Skills
Tune and filter alerts
Customize detection rules
Configure and manage policy for EDR and Network Tools
Use case development
Detection and correlation analysis fidelity of IoCs and IoAs ("Spider Sense")
General Skills
Extensive security domain knowledge
Comfortable working in high-stress environments
Coordination skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Stakeholder management
Nice to have but not essential
Experience with SOAR and task automation
Containment and eradication activities
Cyber threat intelligence knowledge
Advanced SOC Skills (Malware Analysis, Reverse Engineering, etc.)
Digital Forensics experience with cloud services and traditional endpoints
We also believe in contributing back to the open-source community.
What we offer:
Diversity & Community: With our diversity of skills, perspectives and backgrounds, we can create, innovate, and disrupt like no other. Diversity is part of who we are, and essential to our success.
Ownership & Impact: Here, every voice matters. We’re organized into hundreds of small teams, each run like a start-up, focused on their own problem-space.
Trust & Collaboration: Successes and failures are won together at Klarna in a melting pot of teams. Win, lose, and learn, we’re on this path together.
If you love what you do, you should love where you do it. We appreciate that everyone’s different and has their own preferences of where and how to work. We genuinely believe in the power of regular face-to-face interactions in building close connections with our teams, but we also strongly believe people can work effectively remotely. This means that combining both is the key to success.
At Klarna, You can choose between working from the office, remotely within your employment country, or even outside of it for up to 20 working days per year. Flex it up!
Challenges & Rewards: We take a very Swedish approach to benefits. Support for parents, health and wellness perks—we’ve got you covered.
How to apply: please send us your CV or Linkedin profile in English.
It is our commitment that every qualified person will be evaluated according to skills regardless of age, gender, identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €