Jobs by email
ZEISS
Internship/Working Student Position: Software Engineer for medical robotics (m/f/d)
Eggenstein-Leopoldshafen
Internship, Student job, Industrial placement student
Full Time, Part time
Published: 3 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
   In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
   Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
   Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
   Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Motivation of the work
Turning today’s research into tomorrow’s applications – together
With a clear focus on user needs, the ZEISS Innovation Hub @ KIT explores new technology and application fields, enabling the transformation of ideas into innovations. Here, students, researchers, entrepreneurs, and ZEISS employees meet at eye level and practice an open-innovation culture.
For our team of researchers and engineers, we seek a bachelor or master student supporting us in software development for medical robotics and computer-assisted interventions.
  We offer
Young, motivated team with a large and active student community
Agile work environment with the possibility to work on various aspects of software development and innovation processes
Option for subsequent bachelor/master thesis
Modern office culture with flexible working hours
You will
Implement features for robotic workflows and image processing pipelines
Setup and conduct experiments in our medical robotics lab
Implement test routines for existing python and Matlab libraries
Take part in code reviews, backlog organization and bug fixing
Adapt und expand our CI/CT in Azure
Ihr Profil
You have
You are enrolled in a Bachelor’s / Master’s program in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Mechatronics or comparable with excellent results
Experience in python and Matlab as well as a strong interest to further enhance your programming skills
Knowledge in the field of software engineering, robotics, image processing or machine learning is a plus
Excellent organization, problem-solving, communication (English and/or German) and innovation skills
Passion for innovation and enthusiasm for new technologies as well as motivation to work in agile, interdisciplinary teams
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
76344 Eggenstein-Leopoldshafen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.