Jobs by email
N26 GmbH
Data Privacy Senior Associate
Vienna
Published: 1 week ago
Save
About the opportunity
The Data Privacy Senior Associate will work under the direction of the Group Data Protection Officer to implement and maintain a comprehensive privacy program that is resilient to changes in business practice and regulations while enabling consistent, effective privacy practices which minimise risk and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements.
In this role, you will:
Support the DPO Office in all relevant matters of a second line function
Develop and maintain appropriate policies, procedures and other documentation and record systems
Review processes and practices against independent standards
Review the company’s established processes and practices to develop and embed new processes and practices as appropriate
Support in developing and delivering effective Data Protection controls
Maintain Data Protection program documentation, including records of processing, privacy notices, policies, procedures and data protection guidance
Manage the internal privacy dashboard/portal/tools including staff accessibility to relevant policies, guidance, forms and training materials
Develop and support in providing Data Protection training and awareness campaigns and communication
Support the development and implementation of Privacy by Design and Default, data minimization, deletion and retention strategy
Support implementation and training programme of work for Data Champions
Support in managing data subject requests and incident and/or breach response
Draft Board reports, presentations and guiding materials
Follow key trends and changes in laws and regulations and maintain expert knowledge of GDPR and other relevant regulations
Distil complex issues into clear, easy to understand recommendations
Coordinate the completion of privacy focused risk assessments and development of risk mitigation plans
What you need to be successful:
Bachelor or Master's Degree in Law or other relevant areas
Minimum of 1-3 years of professional experience in Data Protection
Experience / knowledge of Banking / Financial regulations is a strong plus
Skills:
Strong analytical, organisational skills with ability to meet tight time schedules
Ability to communicate in German and English effectively, both orally and in writing, as you will be dealing with german regulation and working in an international environment
Traits:
Actively help yourself (and others) be successful.
Continuously learn and challenge the status quo.
Think globally, act locally.
Strong bias for action.
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback.
What’s in it for you:
Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.
Vacation days vary depending on your location of work. Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.
Who we are
N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.
We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.
Founded in 2013, N26 now has 7 million customers in 24 markets. We employ more than 1,500 employees across 3 office locations in Berlin, Vienna and Barcelona. Besides the main offices, N26 also has local offices in Paris, Madrid, Milan, and São Paulo.
Sounds good? Apply now for this position.
N26 is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner