Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
Search Backend Engineer (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
StepStone is one of the leading online job platforms, and as such we have a simple but very important mission: we help everyone find the right job. That's why we need you!
To accomplish our mission, we are looking for a Search Backend Engineer (m/f/d) for our locations in Berlin and Brussels. In this role, you will help develop advanced technical solutions for our search and recommendation engines and contribute to a whole new vision of autonomously matching talent to vacancies.
You will join our diverse team of experts in search technology, machine learning, recommender systems as well as data science and join our larger, international data and engineering community. The Data & AI team is split across offices in Brussels, Berlin, Munich, Warsaw, and London, so you will work in an international environment with a team of experienced and like-minded colleagues.
Does this sound like you? Join us and become part of a large digital enterprise with more than 3.600 employees. In addition to our international footprint, we are also part of the Axel Springer SE family and its unique European family of successful companies. 
Equal opportunities are important to us. We believe that diversity and inclusion at StepStone is critical to our success as a global company so we want to recruit, develop and keep the best talent on the market. We encourage applications from everyone, regardless of your background, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, ethnicity, belief, age, family or parental status, and any other characteristic. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application or interviewing, please let us know.
We’re always interested in working with amazing people. Just hit the Apply button – we’d love to hear from you! 
Your Tasks
Your Work   
Program in Java and Python using a wide range of technologies and libraries such as Lucene, Elasticsearch, NumPy, Gensim, AWS, Git, Maven, and the full range of Atlassian tools (Bamboo, Jira, Confluence…)
Write clean, scalable, maintainable, and easy-to-read code
Help improve existing products, evaluate, optimize performance, and spot bugs and weaknesses
Deploy and maintain your services
Turn business requirements into working products - brainstorm, design, map, code, and refine your solutions
Work in sync with other team members in Berlin and Brussels
Coordinate work with other teams across the company to make things happen
Your Profile
Your Profile 
Self-driven, proactive, and fast learner
Willing to take full responsibility for your product
Strong object-oriented programming knowledge, and willingness to work with Java and Python
Aware of performance and scalability aspects in Java and Python, and knowledge on high-performance / multi-threaded / distributed algorithms
Good command of Linux operating systems
Very good command of English required
Not required, but would be a strong plus:
Knowledge on Machine Learning, recommender frameworks and algorithms, or information retrieval
Experience working with Big Data
Familiarity with or interest in agile or lean development methodologies
Your Benefits
Our environment 
StepStone is a company with clear goals and visions. We focus on growth through innovative solutions, service quality, and qualified employees.                                
From the very first day at StepStone you will be welcomed and supported by a cooperative team.
Become a member of the Search Backend Engineers chapter community to help you reach your goals with a personal career plan and trainings.
Participate in workshops dedicated to innovation: get familiar with new technology or try out a new idea!
Join a dynamic workplace with flat structures, direct communication on first name basis from trainee to CEO, helpful and engaged colleagues, and flexible working hours.
Work in modern and attractive offices, or from home.
  StepStone GmbH | Völklinger Straße 1 | 40219 Düsseldorf 
Das klingt nach Dir? Wir sind immer daran interessiert, mit großartigen Menschen zusammenzuarbeiten. Bewirb Dich über den “Ich bin interessiert“ Button und erhalte innerhalb von 5 Tagen eine Rückmeldung, ob wir Dich für den nächsten Prozessschritt berücksichtigen können! Wir freuen uns auf Dich!
Unsere Datenschutzerklärung zu Deiner Bewerbung findest Du hier.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
Am Postbahnhof 17, 10243 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates