Jobs by email
Flaconi GmbH
Senior Full-Stack Engineer (m/f/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
flaconi is one of Germany’s leading online beauty retailers. Our online shop’s portfolio offers more than 850 international brands and 55.000 products in the categories of perfume, skin care, make-up, hair care, natural cosmetics and accessories, covering from drugstore to organic to premium products.
flaconi was founded in 2011 and has a team of over 700 employees working from three locations: Our HQ in Berlin-Charlottenburg, our logistics center in Halle and our concept store in Berlin-Mitte. We are also represented in Austria and Poland.
What you can expect
Our engineering department is responsible for building up and steadily improving one of the most important components that make our business as successful as it is - our marketplace. Dive into our tech stack of ReactJS, Redux, Symphony, node.js, AWS Lambda, AWS SQS and SNS, Flutter (... and many more!) and support one of our 7 different cross-functional teams to make our product unique. Your Engineering Manager and the whole team are looking forward to mastering the challenges of the team together with you. We are looking forward to your application and will love to welcome you in our international team.
What you can expect in this role
You work collaboratively with Product, UX/UI Designers, and Engineers to scope, design, and implement user-facing features with high complexity
In addition, you implement product features that have a direct impact on user engagement, experience, and eventually monetization
You take ownership of the whole development cycle - from architectural design to implementation, testing, deployment, and maintenance
Therefore, you own your individual code base, write appropriate unit and integration tests, and continuously deploy accepted features
Furthermore, you coach and mentor your engineering team on frontend guidelines (e.g. Atomic Design), best practices, and frameworks that help us create amazing products
You actively participate in product & feature discovery sessions with our Product Managers
Your essential experience and education
You have several years of proven experience building web applications using modern JS libraries/frameworks e.g. React, Redux, TypeScript
In addition, you have several years of hands-on experience with Node.js, PHP is a plus
You have a deep understanding of UX design principles and general coding best practices
Furthermore, you are experienced in designing and developing on a highly distributed cloud system as well as first experiences with serverless architecture
You bring working experience with different levels of test automation - especially Unit tests (Jest, PHPUnit, pytest) or E2E tests (selenium)
In the past, you build and automated CI/CD pipelines
You possess excellent communication skills in English, a positive mindset, and a solution-oriented attitude
What's in it for you?
Full transparency: For this role, we have a salary band between 52,000€ and 74,000€ gross per year as a Mid-Level and between 62,000€ and 90,000€ as a Senior. The salary that we will offer you will always be within this span and is based on the skills and experience that you show during the recruitment process
Our employees matter to us: We offer you a permanent contract, a BVG ticket and relocation support for international applicants moving to Germany
Work-life balance: 29 Vacation days, flexible working hours, up to three days of homeoffice a week and the possibility of a paid sabbatical
flaconi Academy: Actively shape your own career path by taking advantage of our internal and external training opportunities
We care about your well being: We want to support you also during the difficult times. For this, we offer you and your close relatives counseling sessions with mental health professionals
flaconi Fitness: A wide range of sports options & discounts on memberships
Family first: Our "emergency-daycare" is there for you in out-of-the-ordinary situations to look after your child on site at our office
Thinking about tomorrow together: flaconi subsidizes your savings contribution to the company pension scheme with an additional 20%
A comfortable working space with everything you need: HIgh end technical equipment, fruits and drinks, no dress code and dogs are welcome in our office!
Other perks: Great discounts in our online shop as well with our partner companies, cool team events & company parties!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Flaconi GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Car/Travel allowance
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.