Jobs by email
LucaNet AG
User Support Consultant (all genders)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Every day, we prove that managing financial data doesn’t have to be rocket science with our Corporate Performance Management software solutions. LucaNet has been growing today to simplify tomorrow since 1999. A single tool that presents financial data in a transparent, easy-to-understand way. Berlin is our home, but you’ll find us wherever reliable financial data is needed with. With offices in over 14 countries across APAC, EMEA and the Americas, more than 3,500 companies in over 50 countries trust LucaNet, including brands like Toshiba, Delivery Hero, PwC, FTI Touristik, Leica, Roland Berger and Vaude.
The Role
As User Support we help with any questions around our software. We are looking for like-minded people who’s passionate about finding solutions to challenges and who wants to become a specialist of our software.
Powered by uniqueness
Everybody’s different here and we like it that way. At LucaNet, we are powered by the uniqueness of our people and are committed to creating an inclusive work environment where everyone can grow and feels respected. The more voices we have represented in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking.
 That’s why we only want to assess candidates based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. You are welcome at LucaNet for who you are, no matter your gender identity, sexual orientations, personal expression, racial identity, ethnicity, religious belief, and disability status.
People don’t fit into neat boxes, we know that. If you think you’d excel in this position, even if you don’t cover all points, we really want to get to know you and why you’re great for the role. Please avoid including your picture, age, and marital status in your CV.
 Learn more about our culture and D&I journey
What you'll do
The focus of your job is the 1st and 2nd level support for our customers, partners, and colleagues in questions and problems about any LucaNet software module, common apps with data imports into the company codes and LucaNet.Group Reports and support for more extensive topics (e.g. IFRS 16).
You will support the onboarding process for our new colleagues and manage special topics like process adjustments and create articles for the knowledge database as well as internal team trainings.
What you bring to the table
You have completed your training in economics, accounting, a comparable qualification or you are a career changer.
You have an affinity for IT topics and an independent way of working as well as a quick grasp and a high willingness to learn. 
You are fluent in German and bring good communication skills in English.
Perks at work
LucaFlex - We enable you to determine your work schedule and location according to your needs
Mobile Work - Sometimes a change of scenery can boost creativity and productivity. And sometimes it’s just time for a break. That’s why we offer you our mobile work options or a sabbatical
Team Spirit - We work as a team and like to celebrate as a team, so we take any opportunity to get together, learn together, and celebrate together
Learning & Development - We encourage you to pursue knowledge and inspiration and give you the time, space, and budget to do so
Charity Time - We support you in taking the time to do some good
Health & Wellbeing - We care about your mental health and wellbeing and provide you with the programs to stay fit, productive, and get the support you need.
Generous vacations - We encourage you to take time off to relax, travel, and recharge
LucaNet.Engage - We support your personal and professional development in a targeted manner with our employee development process
Compensation and Company Pension Plan - We are committed to Fair Pay as well as supporting our people also for their future with a company pension plan and/or pension allowances
JobRad - We have partnered with JobRad so that you can find your dream bike supported by us
Staff Discounts - Thanks to our corporate benefits partner, you can receive a whole bunch of discounts for different areas
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
LucaNet AG
Alexanderplatz 1 1, 10178 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Dogs allowed
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.