Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
PhD Position - Knowledge-driven Machine Learning
Renningen
Doctoral thesis/State doctorate
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 weeks ago
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
State-of-the-art machine Learning algorithms used in domains such as autonomous driving or production systems require large amounts of training data to learn reliable models. The cost of obtaining the required training data for all relevant driving scenarios and different system configurations explodes quickly. In this context, your studies will be focused on investigating and developing methods and techniques that are capable of leveraging a-priori knowledge of the driving contexts and systems to facilitate the transfer (re-use) of already trained models for new driving contexts and evolving system configurations.
Your tasks:
Survey and analyse the state-of-the-art on knowledge representation and knowledge-driven machine learning
Research and development of novel methods / frameworks enabling the use of a-priori knowledge in existing machine learning pipelines with the goal to increase learning efficiency, performance and robustness
Prototypical implementation and evaluation of the developed methods in concrete application scenarios (e.g. autonomous driving, production systems)
Collaborate with Bosch research groups and relevant external research partners
Publish the research results in academic conferences and journals
Your profile
Education: excellent Master of Science degree in Computer Science or Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or a related subject
Personality: positive team player who is highly motivated, has an high degree of personal responsibility, commitment and out-of-the-box thinking
Working practice: Ideally, you are familiar with the recent developments in the field, also you want to advance the state of the art and develop new ideas, and contribute to a multi-national cutting edge project.
Experience and knowledge: strong experience with machine learning, familiar with W3C Semantic technologies and Ontologies (i.e. RDF, RDFS, OWL) as well as Knowledge Graphs, strong programming skills in Python and proven experience with machine learning frameworks like Pytorch and Tensorflow and preferably have already worked on GPU Clusters
Languages: fluent in English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.