Jobs by email
ADM EMEA Corporate Services GmbH
Active Directory & DNS Engineer (m/f/d)
Hamburg, Heidelberg, Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Join one of our teams either in Hamburg, Heidelberg or Berlin
as Active Directory & DNS Engineer (m/f/d)
ADM unlocks the power of nature to enrich the quality of life. We’re a premier global human and animal nutrition company, delivering solutions today with an eye to the future. We’re blazing new trails in health and well-being as our scientists develop groundbreaking products to support healthier living. We’re a cutting-edge innovator leading the way to a new future of plant-based consumer and industrial solutions to replace petroleum-based products. We’re an unmatched agricultural supply chain manager and processor, providing food security by connecting local needs with global capabilities. 
And we’re a leader in sustainability, scaling across entire value chains to help decarbonize our industry and safeguard our planet. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, we give customers an edge in solving the nutritional and sustainability challenges of today and tomorrow.
What you will be doing
As a key member of the Technology Operations - Engineering and Architecture team you will primarily be responsible for advancing the capabilities and uses of Active Directory Services and DNS within ADM. This could be through the conversion of strategies into roadmaps and implementation plans, creating low level engineering designs or by providing subject matter expert (SME) level support to the Operations teams.
The role will suit an individual who enjoys working collaboratively with Engineers and Architects to create holistic solutions incorporating a wide range of systems and technologies, and who is able to bring creativity to the solutioning process. You will work closely with other Engineers who have specialized skills while cross-training within ADM’s core technologies. Both they and you, will be constantly learning from each other and opportunities will exist to branch out into other areas of Infrastructure Engineering.
Your areas of knowledge and expertise that matter the most for this role
Expert working knowledge of Active Directory systems and technologies including,
AD, AAD, Hybrid AAD, AAD DS
ADFS, Azure AD Connect, LDAP(S)
Expert working knowledge of Certificate Authorities, certificate management and PKI
Experience of designing, implementing, and supporting the following within a large Enterprise environment
AD Forests
AD Domains
Forest/Domain trusts and cross domain relationships
AD Replication
Azure Active Directory B2C
Experience of design and operational AD security best practices, particularly domain relationships within segmented networks
Expert working knowledge of private, Azure, and public DNS, domain name hosting and domain name migrations
Expert working knowledge and experience of managing directory systems using PowerShell and Microsoft Graph
Your areas of knowledge and expertise that are advantageous for this role
Broad mid-level working knowledge and experience of integrations between AD and technologies such as 
Server Operating Systems
Azure PaaS capabilities
M365 Services
SCCM
Experience in creating technology roadmaps based on strategy inputs
Ability to conduct requirements analysis and create detailed engineering solution designs using Visio
Experience in providing engineering expertise to Operations teams in support of incident and request resolution
Ability to create low-level implementation and build documentation
Experience in conducting Root Cause Analysis and Problem Management
Experience of working alongside Identity & Access Management (IAM) teams and integrating IAM tools with AD
Broad working knowledge and experience of a variety of Infrastructure systems and processes comprising 
Compute, Storage & Backup
Applications & Middleware
Databases
Networking
Security
Cloud (Azure)
Why it feels good to work for ADM
You can connect what you do with the positive impact that it has on the future of the food industry
ADM truly cares for its employees, and provides great support, in particular in times of crisis
We are hands-on. ADM is a big company, but you will be able to do actual work from day one
There is room for innovative thinking, knowledge sharing, creating fun projects to make work more interesting
Proven track record of career paths; Culture of caring and continuous learning
Yes, we offer flex work! Managers and colleagues are encouraged to discuss and enable the flexibility that is needed to meet the demands of work and life
Did we mention DE&I? We are working on growing our ERGs, and strictly apply our inclusive hiring policy to all recruitments. A diverse set of benefits such as mentoring programs, employee assistance program, fitness incentives, and many more depending on your location or work
This is exactly the job you're looking for?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates