Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJava Developer  
Java Developer NESS KE, s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 000 EUR/monthFor senior level from 2000 EUR/month, depending on skills and experience + benefits. The final offer for the selected candidate will reflect the candidate´s comprehensive assessment, skills and past work experience
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAbout client:
Ness KE is looking for a new member of our teams! 
For our attractive products we are now looking for Java Developers.
Project 1.
Primary areas of our client business are financial information and analytics. It is the parent company of S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Market Intelligence, and S&P Global Platts, CRISIL, and is the majority owner of the S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture.
Project 2.
Our client is a consumer tech company with ❤ 
Together we’re on a mission to solve a human challenge we all face: finding great care for the ones we love. We’re moms and dads and pet owners. We have parents and grandparents, so we understand that everyone, at some point in their lives, could use a helping hand. Our culture and our products reflect that.  Employee perks, benefits★ Professional environment in brand new offices
★ Flexible working hours
★ Home Office
★ Extra Vacation days
★ Homeoffice&Vacation allowance
★ Relax rooms
★ Multisport card
★ Technical courses, Certifications
★ Worldwide IT Conferences
★ Commercial partners discounts
★ Ness Summer club – full-day summer program for children of our employees
★ Referral Program – to refer new employee
★ Diners club credit card
★ High-standard working conditions Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Intermediate (B1)Other knowledgeJava - SkillfulAmazon Web Services (AWS) - SkillfulPersonality requirements and skillsPrimary Responsibilities:
In this role the successful candidate will be participating in all stages of the software development lifecycle in Agile environment. Interact with product management to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications, assist with systems integration and ensure successful development and deployment of key components of products.
Required Skills:
• Programming – Java 1.8, (Scala as advantage)
• Database – SQL (Oracle, MSSQL)
• Versioning systems – Git, SVN or other
• English – advanced (spoken and written)
• Pro-active and Team Oriented approach
• Ability and willingness to learn new technologies
• Continuous Integration – Maven, Jenkins 
(as advantage)
Nice to have:
Scala 2.11/2.12
AWS (Amazon Web Services)
Docker, Kubernetes
Jira (Agile) Advertiser Brief description of the companyNess KDC was established in 2005 and is the flagship Software Delivery and Innovations Center of the Ness Digital Engineering corporation.
In the area of software engineering, it is our top-quality services, individual customer approach and ability to achieve targets which are most highly valued by our clients. Thanks to these, Ness Kosice enjoys long-term business relationships with its customers. Our teams of professionals first process and analyze client’s requirements; then, through cooperation with the client, they use the newest technology to fulfil these requirements in an “agile” environment.
Our glowing references and strong corporate background continuously attract the interest of new clients. As a result, Ness KDC is now one of the most important employers in the region with a workforce of more than 600 people. Number of employees500-999 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Zuzana HerkováE-mail: 
 Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4033958 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  30.3.2023 
    2023-03-30
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Backend developer, Java Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: NESS KE, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
