Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJava developer for Smart Buildings 
Java developer for Smart BuildingsADECCO Slovakia, s. r. o.
Place of work
Bratislava, Slovak Republic
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
1 600 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe develop systems for intelligent buildings. We create monitoring and management systems that increase security and protect property, improve comfort for building occupants, streamline overall operations and reduce energy consumption.
We are looking for a Java developer for a project aimed at developing a new generation of a fire safety system. You will be working in a Scrum (SAFe) team which closely collaborates with teams in Switzerland, USA and China on a product which protects lives and assets. Our goal is to implement highly scalable distributed system which will be used across the world. 
In this role you will be responsible for:
• Analysis, design and implementation using Java
• Documenting your design and code
• Implementation of unit tests for your code Employee perks, benefits•	Flexible working hours
•	Hybrid working model – mixture of office and home office
•	Bridge days (additional paid leave to our legal vacation allowance) 5 days p/year
•	Sick leave compensation (100% of salary), 20 days p/year
•	Contribution to 3rd pillar pension
•	Work-life balance thanks to stable quartal planning cycles
•	Discount of monthly fee from our telecom provider for our employees and their family members
•	Childbirth bonus, maternity leave bonus
•	3 sick days p/year
•	HEALTHY BACK PROGRAM = we offer ergonomic workplace (an electrically operated sit-stand desk, ergonomic chairs)
•	Free parking at secured parking house
•	Referral program = get a bonus 2000 euro
•	Work anniversary present
•	We offer employee`s loans
•	BenefitPlus card = 250 points/euro p/year
•	Meal contributions
•	Working within stable, and innovative company, that makes real impact
•	Working with newest technologies + all projects run in agile methodology (we use SAFe)
•	Working within group of friendly people
•	Team building program = offsite meeting, Christmas party (extra budget for team building events)
•	We will support you! (Trainings, certificates, development internally and externally with individual approach based on your needs and request)
•	You can attend various international conferences (e.g., AWS) Information about the selection processThis position is being filled for our major client.Company on whose behalf the position is being filledResearch and developmentA company that is a leader in innovation and technology development in Slovakia. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examinationLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skillsWe expect:
• Working experience with Java SE
• Object oriented analysis, design and implementation
• Knowledge of design patterns
• Good knowledge of English
Nice to have skills:
• UML
• JS frameworks (Angular 2 or higher)
• German Advertiser Brief description of the companyThe Adecco Group is the world’s leading HR solutions partner. We provide more than 700,000 people with permanent and flexible employment every day. With more than 33,000 employees in 60 countries, we transform the world of work one job at a time. Our colleagues serve more than 100,000 organizations with the talent, HR services and cutting-edge technology they need to succeed in an ever-changing global economy. As a Fortune Global 500 company, we lead by example, creating shared value that meets social needs while driving business innovation. Our culture of inclusivity, fairness and teamwork empowers individuals and organizations, fuels economies, and builds better societies.  We make the future work for everyone. Number of employees50-99 employees ContactContact person: Noel Abuzbida KaremE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4545004 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  24.3.2023 
    2023-03-24
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: ADECCO Slovakia, s. r. o.   
Pracovná ponuka je prevzatá z inej stránky alebo zdroja.
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 600 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
