Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior Verification Engineer 
Senior Verification EngineerON Semiconductor Slovakia, a.s.
Place of work
Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
From 3 500 EUR/monthDepends on candidate´s experience.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesThe System Solutions Enablement team is looking for key talent to support our mission of enabling customers with system intellectual property (IP) solutions. This mission includes design and validation of re-usable, logically complex or performance critical IP that requires system level consideration when integrating into an ASIC. The team plays a key role in selecting, acquiring, designing, verifying and integrating intellectual property with a special focus towards reuse and quality.As a senior verification engineer, your responsibilities will include:•	Architect logically complex digital verification environments•	Developing SystemVerilog/UVM testbenches for block and SoC level functional verification•	Developing detailed verification plans for block/SoC•	Debugging and correcting functional errors in the RTL, using simulation tools, debug tools, and programming skills•	Defining and implementing functional coverage, and enhancing the testbench to ensure coverage closure•	Documenting test plans and testbench design•	Lead project teams and mentor junior team members Employee perks, benefits•	Annual bonus – 50% from monthly basic salary;•	Annual corporate bonus based on the company's results;•	Relocation bonus and travel allowance;•	Company contribution to pension system up to 3% from  the gross salary;•	Professional training and career opportunities;•	Teambuilding and company’s events;•	Extra days off – Bridge days;•	Volunteering day off;•	Sick days and Sick leave contributions;•	Regular salary review;•	Working in a dynamic, newly formed team in challenging international environment;•	Multisport card;•	Meal voucher or financial  contribution 7,15€ (Employee pays 1,65€). Information about the selection processIf you are interested in this position and fulfill all our requirements, send us your motivation letter and your CV in English language by e-mail. Thanks to all applicants, but we will answer only to selected applicants. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Personality requirements and skills•	BS degree in Electrical Engineering or related field•	Approx. 10 years of digital verification experience•	Sound knowledge of Verilog or System Verilog•	Experience with verification methodologies e.g. UVM•	Experience with scripting language like Python/Perl•	Good command of English•	Self-motivated with the ability to work independently and interface effectively with team members in a remote location•	Experience with high-speed interfaces, such as DDR, PCIe or MIPI, is an advantage Advertiser Brief description of the companyonsemi is a leading provider of power efficient semiconductor solutions to customers in the power supply, automotive, communications, computer, consumer, medical, wireless, mobile phone, industrial and aerospace markets.
While the company’s corporate headquarters are located in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S., it operates a worldwide network of manufacturing facilities, sales offices and design centers in key markets throughout North America, the Asia Pacific regions, the Middle East and Europe.
onsemi promotes a mutually rewarding partnership that creates a customer-oriented organization, encourages innovation and teamwork, and rewards achievement. If you are looking for challenges, quality, freedom and empowerment join us today. Number of employees250-499 employees 
 ContactContact person: Miroslava KuckováTel.: +421915499148E-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4500289 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  24.3.2023 
    2023-03-24
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Design Engineer, Electrical Engineer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: ON Semiconductor Slovakia, a.s.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 500 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
