Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceData Scientist with MLOps or DevOps experience   Можливість для людей з України
Pozícia
Data Scientist with MLOps or DevOps experience 
Späť na pozície
                                Place of work
                            Tomášikova 64, Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract
                            full-time, trade licence
                                Salary
From 3 000 EUR/month
A specific job offer will be depending on the offered job level, your professional and technical skills and knowledge, education, and work experience.
                                Team
                            DOT
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking for a person with a track record of streamlining data driven solutions for our DOT ML team in Bratislava that will focus on documents/IDs. Join Innovatrics experts in AI, machine learning and computer vision, whose algorithms power biometric solutions in 80 countries. The team members are enabling remote onboarding with their algorithms.If you are a lifelong learner, you enjoy constant challenges and like staying on the cutting edge of the current developments in computer vision, let us know! Your ideas will be applied to some of the most advanced biometric solutions used by the largest companies as well as governmentsResponsibilities	Bring state of the art dev/ML ops practices into our diverse tech stack including models trained in python, inference in C++ package into product built in Kotlin	You will be in charge of architecting, developing, testing and optimisation of the ML workflows (data processing pipelines, data platform	Streamlining existing ML process including data collection, annotations, model training  and deployment	Creating proof of concepts with selected ML algorithms / NNs to target problem	Integrating models/algorithms into the product (SDK). Some models for use in embedded devices require creation of inference model for them in C/C++	Creating and augmenting image datasets Employee perks, benefits	Working at a unique Slovak company, a global leader in biometric software solutions	Interesting work with state-of-art technologies & the opportunity to influence the final solution both technically and functionally	Individual approach to personal development, internal education, English courses, external courses paid by company	13th / 14th salaries (based on successfully reached product and company goals)	Loyalty bonus – additional day of paid leave for every year you will work with us (up to 5 days)	Referral bonus – motivational financial reward if we hire a new employee based on your referral	Sick days	Hybrid working model (more than 40% of Home Office)	Flexible working hours	Possibility to take full two weeks of remote work twice a year	Possibility to choose from different type of contracts	Multiple regular company team-buildings and spontaneous team events a year	MultiSport card	Foosball, table tennis & darts available in our playroom	Fresh fruits, snack bar, monthly company breakfast Information about the selection processHello and thank you for choosing to apply for a job at Innovatrics. We are happy that you are interested in us!After receiving your CV, we will closely review your application and see if you're the right fit for us. If so, we will reach out to learn more about you.We wish you good luck in our hiring process!Prior to sending your response to the present job offer, please read the Personal Data Processing Information. You are sending your data to Innovatrics, s.r.o., Pri vinohradoch 82, 831 06 Bratislava, Company ID: 36 280 712 which will process your personal data at your request as referred to in Article 6 (1) (b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for the purposes of performing and assessing a particular selection procedure and pursuant to Act no. 18/2018 Z.z. on the personal data protection. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionUniversity education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgePython - AdvancedC++ - SkillfulDevOps - SkillfulPersonality requirements and skills	University degree in computer science	Experience with building workflows and pipelines	Advanced Python	Experience with ML framework (PyTorch, scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Caffe)	Intermediate experience with DevOps/MLOps	Other tech stack which is a big plus: bash, Gitlab CI/CD, Conan C/C++, CMake, Agile, JIRA	Experience with computer vision is a plus	Intermediate C/C++	Intermediate Linux	Familiarity with profiling and memory usage debugging	Ability to quickly develop and evaluate a prototype solution
About the product
Digital Onboarding Toolkit (DOT) is a full technology stack for developing remote identity verification applications. Consisting of mobile, web and server components, DOT can authenticate and extract data from identity documents and verify identity of an individual using industry leading facial biometrics and liveness check. DOT helps organizations and their users create instant trust with each other.Advertiser Brief description of the companyInnovatrics is a Slovak company and a global leader in SW biometric technology and solutions for identity management. With our innovative and award-winning algorithms for fingerprint matching and facial recognition, we empower all types of organizations around the world to build powerful biometric identification solutions quickly and easily. Innovatrics has won awards IT company of the year 2015, IT product of the year 2016 and Diamond of Slovak business in 2017. Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Ján FedorTel.: +421907661451E-mail: send CV
Zaujala vás táto pozícia?
Pošlite nám svoje CV. Hľadáme tých najlepších z najlepších.
 Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4525976 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  24.3.2023 
    2023-03-24
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: DevOps Engineer, Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Innovatrics, s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
