Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceDatabase Administrator (Oracle)  Можливість для людей з України
Open Positions
Company
Education Programs
Benefits
Database Administrator (Oracle)Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                                Place of work
                            040 11 Košice
                                Contract type
                            full-time
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesAre you looking for a stable job within the magenta family? If you are experienced in one or more of the database management systems like ORACLE, MariaDB, PostgreSQL or MSSQL, then we are looking just for you! 
The focus of this job is on handling incidents, implementing changes and solving problem tickets in cooperation with the 3rd level support or the manufacturer. This position also involves on-call duty.
Purpose
Your job would be to independently create, check, execute, solve tickets (incident, problem ticket, change management ticket) in order to maintain service to customers according to given quality KPIs and internal processes. Performing on 2nd level environment. You would be responsible for ensuring control, integrity, and accessibility of the database file structure of one or more databases.
You key accountabilities on this position would be:
Smooth and uninterrupted operation of customers’ environment.
Conformity with the internal work instructions and process guidelines 
Investigate the root cause of incidents and initiate actions to improve or correct the situation.
Participate on regular and/or irregular communication with colleagues in an international environment to ensure operational goals.
Participation on on-call duties, independent solving and troubleshooting of incidents and errors within defined expertise Wage (gross)1 000 EUR/monthFinal salary is negotiable.
We are offering base salary depending on seniority level and previous experience of candidate. In addition to base salary we provide variable part and other financial benefits. Base salary will not be lower than 1000 € /brutto.  Employee perks, benefits
We believe in balance between work and personal life. An attractive and extensive work-life balance portfolio guarantees lasting motivation for employees and thus a better quality of life, promotes physical and mental well-being and contributes to a positive work environment. All this with the aim of providing more freedom in reconciling work, career growth, private life and individual lifestyle. Therefore we offer to our employees over 25 different benefits to improve their personal and professional life in these areas:
Financial benefits
Benefits with focus on learning and development *
Benefits with focus on health and sport *
Benefits with focus on family and work – life balance
Other benefits *
        For more information about our benefits click to Benefits
Benefits with * are applicable also to part-time positions.This information may be subject to changes and other internal rules. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary school student
Secondary without school-leaving examination
Secondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeOracle - BasicThe position is suitable for a fresh graduateYesPersonality requirements and skillsIT Technical Skills
Very good knowledge of one or more of the database management systems of ORACLE, MariaDB, PostgreSQL or MSSQL
Linux
Shell scripting – Basic
ICT overview 
ITIL overview 
Soft Skills
Analytical thinking 
Strong teamwork and communication
High degree of resilience and flexibility 
Strong sense of responsibility 
Willingness to work outside normal working hours (on-call duty) Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur brand Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia entered the life of Košice region in 2006 under the name of T-Systems Slovakia and ever since has been inextricably linked with the region when became one of the founding members of Košice IT Valley. We have managed to grow from scratch to the second largest employer in the eastern part of the country with more than 3900 employees. Our goal is to proactively find new ways to improve and continuously transform into the type of company providing innovative information and communication technology services. Number of employees1000 and more employees ContactContact person: Iveta PribulováE-mail: send CV
Apply Online
                        Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia
                        Žriedlová 13, 040 01 Košice
www.deutschetelekomitsolutions.sk
055/7853566
ID: 4485679 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  21.3.2023 
    2023-03-21
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Database Administrator, Database Analyst, IT System Administrator, Oracle Programmer, Systems Administrator   Spoločnosť: Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions Slovakia   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
