Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSenior or Lead  C#.NET Developer  
    Reagujte bez životopisu
Open positions
About us
Benefits
Impact
Senior or Lead  C#.NET Developer GlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
From 2 800 EUR/monthFinal salary will reflect your skills and experience
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesGlobalLogic is seeking Lead and Senior level C#.NET Developers ideally with WPF. We are developing SW for our client - an Austrian company that develops, produces and sells distributes highly accurate laboratory instruments as well as process measuring systems and provides custom-tailored automation and robotics solutions worldwide. 
The scope of this Project is to develop a support for third- party devices. 
5-7 years .NET development experience
Have the ability to work both independently and on a team of engineers
Structured in working with tasks and solution-driven mindset
Web application development experience with C# .NET and SQL Server
CI/CD experience is desired but not required
OOP Development, Design Patterns, Best Practices
Experience in Agile based methodologies
English - Intermediate and above
Job Responsibilities
Create robust proprietary code and translate business logic into project requirements
Develop code using development best practices, and an emphasis on security best practices
Leverage technologies to support business needs to attain high reusability and maintainability of current and newly developed systems
Provide system design recommendations based on technical requirements
Work independently on development tasks with a minimal amount of supervision
Write effective unit tests and integration tests to ensure high-quality software delivery Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeC# - Advanced.NET - AdvancedWPF - BasicMicrosoft SQL Server - AdvancedNumber of years of experience3Personality requirements and skillsLead-level requirements:
Required:
 - 3-5 years of software development experience
 - 1 year of experience leading a team of 5+ engineers
 - Good knowledge of using C#, .NET, MS SQL
 - Deliver efficient and easy-to-use code with high quality
 - Intermediate and above English language skills, both written and oral
 - Good collaboration skills and ability to communicate solutions to non-technologists 
 - Structured in working with tasks and solution-driven mindset
Will be a plus:
 - Frameworks for web solutions 
 - Azure
 - Rabbitt MQ
Medior-level requirements:
Required:
 - 2-4 years of software development experience
 - Good knowledge of using C#, .NET, MS SQL
 - Deliver efficient and easy-to-use code with high quality
 - Intermediate and above English language skills, both written and oral
 - Good collaboration skills and ability to communicate solutions to non-technologists 
 - Structured in working with tasks and solution-driven mindset
Will be a plus:
 - Frameworks for web solutions 
 - Azure
 - Rabbitt MQ Employee perks, benefits
Our bonus and benefits scheme
Cash benefits
Salary increase once a year + performance review twice a year
Bonus packages (benefits can be used in banks, restaurants, e-shops, air travel, dental hygiene, fitness, wellness, food shops..)
Extra bonuses
Additional four days of vacation on top of the statutory allowance provided for in the Labor Code
Possibility to work from home or from the office according to your preferences
Flexible working hours
A phone for you with a regular contribution of up to €120 and favorable prices for phones and flat rates
Parking available in all branches
Learning and Development
Internal education programs: Tech skills, Leadership skills, Communication skills
Professional conferences allowance
Support for learning on external platforms and obtaining certifications
Unlimited access to all Udemy for Business e-learning trainings
Knowledge sharing at TechTalks
Professional growth and development
Individual Development Plan
Annual performance review
Opportunity to rotate to a different project
Relocation opportunities within the company
GlobalLogic helps our specialists develop and be truly happy!
Comfortable offices and relaxation zones – table tennis, darts, Xbox, foosball,..
Openness and friendly atmosphere
International projects
Competitive compensation package
Regular socializing, teambuilding, sports activities
Work-life balance and flexible working hours
 Advertiser Brief description of the companyIn today's modern world dominated by digital technologies and digital experience, ability to CREATE and CODE represents superpowers that impact lives all over the world. Software Engineers have the possibility to make an impact beyond the code.
        GlobalLogic engineers create digital innovations that impact the lives of each of us. We bring together 28,000 talented professionals from all over the world. GlobalLogic is a place for innovators and fearless out-of-the-box thinkers. We recruit сhangemakers and help their exceptionality to shine through on 4 continents in 16 countries. Working here, you’ll collaborate with — and learn from — award-winning designers and engineers. In addition to the global rotation, relocation, and promotion policies, we check in regularly with our teams to make sure that they feel engaged, motivated and recognized.
        GlobalLogic, a Hitachi Group Company, is a leader in digital product engineering. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, GlobalLogic operates design studios and engineering centers around the world, extending our deep expertise to customers in the automotive, communications, financial services, healthcare & life sciences, media and entertainment, manufacturing, semiconductor, and technology industries.
        GlobalLogic headquarters in Slovakia is located in Kosice and other company facilities are located in Zilina and Banska Bystrica. GlobalLogic Slovakia boasts talented engineers, low attrition levels, and an experienced senior management team.
        See our career opportunities and join the GlobalLogic family today! Number of employees250-499 employees ContactContact person: Mgr.  Mikuláš SviatkoTel.: +421918795105E-mail: send CV
Apply
                        GlobalLogic Slovakia, s.r.o.
                        Busines Centre Košice III,
                        Štúrova 50, 040 01
[email protected]
ID: 4028836 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  22.3.2023 
    2023-03-22
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, C# Programmer, Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: GlobalLogic Slovakia s.r.o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať žiadosť spoločnostiOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
