Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie prácePython Developer for Telematics  Можливість для людей з України
Python Developer for TelematicsSygic, a. s.
Place of work
Sygic, Mlynské nivy, Bratislava, Slovensko (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 4 000 EUR/monthThe minimum salary is 2000 - 4000 EUR/ brutto. The final salary is upon agreement.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWe are looking for a Python Developer for a Telematics product who will be responsible for writing server-side web application logic. He/She will develop back-end components, connect the application with the web services, and support the front-end developers by integrating their work with the Python application. He/She is expected to have a strong understanding of Python and its popular web frameworks and knowledge of front-end technologies and databases. Additionally, he/she must possess excellent debugging, problem-solving, and communication skills to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams. Employee perks, benefitsWE TAKE GOOD CARE OF PEOPLE, AND OUR BENEFITS ARE A PERFECT PROOF OF THAT:
- Choose your benefits up to 1000 EUR. Flexible benefits scheme from Benefit plus program, where you choose your preferred products/services such as meal voucher card, pension contribution, books, technology, sport, culture, travel, extra health services and pharmacy products, holiday, children camps, and much more.
- Enjoy company events: hackathons, all-hands meetings, joint breakfasts, Christmas parties, summer teambuilding, and others.
- We support your mental health. If there is anything you want to discuss with a mental health professional, we offer free, anonymous psychological counseling with experts.
- Access to Coursera.org website, which offers 5.000 courses to develop your skills.
- You can enjoy sports and wellness with us thanks to a multi-sport card.
- Extra contribution and days off in case of significant life events.
- 5 days of paid holidays in excess of the law plus 3 health days per year.
- Paid leave for volunteering towards a good cause or charity of your choice.
- A bonus scheme based on your performance.
- Flexible working hours with regular home office option.
- We are all on a first-name basis, we don't do dress codes, and you can usually meet 4-legged friends here as our office is pet friendly.
- We are seated in one of the most beautiful offices in Slovakia. More than 95% of our employees are proud to bring visitors and show them around.
- When you come to the office, a good chair and a height-adjustable table will await you to make your workday more comfortable.
- Beautiful terrace with a grill that you'll love chilling on.
- Free coffee, tea, and breakfast cereals go without saying. Our fully equipped kitchen is also at your disposal. Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationITLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Experience in the position/sectorPython DeveloperPersonality requirements and skills- Experience with the development of scalable micro-services in CLOUD.
- Experience with technologies and tools Kafka, Jira, Linux, AZURE.
- Experience with Mongo, PostgreSQL, Redis databases.
- Experience with stream processing.
- Experience with machine learning. Advertiser Brief description of the companyWe are Sygic; we have been changing the way people travel since 2004. We connect smartphones with cars, navigate you home, make sure of your safety, and navigate fleets worldwide. 
We are known for the Sygic GPS Navigation mobile application, the first navigation app on the Appstore and the second on Google Play, but today we are much more! After all these years, we extended, but the focus and start-up mentality remains. We became part of the Eurowag group in 2019, and now, we are happy to work on products that connect both visions into one. Together we work to simplify the life of fleet companies worldwide. 
Our users are considered part of the Sygic and Eurowag development family. We listen to their suggestions and try to ensure that our product still brings them added value. Number of employees200-249 employees ContactContact person: Zuzana MojžišíkováE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4154737 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  21.3.2023 
    2023-03-21
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Python Programmer   Spoločnosť: Sygic, a. s.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
