Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJunior JAVA Developer 
Junior JAVA DeveloperFREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, part-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
1 800 EUR/monthMinimum 1 800 EUR brutto. Student´s hourly rate starts at 7 EUR. Freelancer´s hourly rate upon agreement. The final basic wage component will be adjusted to individual skills and experience of a selected candidate.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and dutiesWould you like to create an exciting technology and work with other enthusiastic developers?Bratislava-based FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services belongs to the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com), specialized in mission-critical communication and IT solutions, e.g. in air traffic control, public safety, public transport, maritime or defense.Join our team and help us make our solutions even more reliable.  Work for an international technological leader and enjoy the benefits of flexible working arrangements and our focus on a good work-life balance.Your main responsibilities•             automated tests development in JAVA, using third party libraries and internal frameworkAs a Junior Software Engineer, you should have basic knowledge or experience in software development or desire to expand in the following technologies:•             Java, Groovy, SQL, Spring, HTML5, XML, RESP API, Selenium, VoIP•             Databases: SQL Server, Postgres•             Project Support: Maven, Git, Jira, Jama, Confluence Employee perks, benefits•	Training and development program•	Flexible working hours, home office•	Employee Referral Program•	Refreshments, company & team events (breakfasts, Christmas party&presents, teambuildings)•	Multisport card, contributions to the pension savings Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
Follow-up/Higher Professional Education
University student
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationInformation Technology, TelecommunicationsLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeJava - AdvancedNumber of years of experience1The position is suitable for a fresh graduateYesPersonality requirements and skillsThe right fit for our team:We would be happy if a student of at least the 3rd year of a technical university, who is eager to learn and get a new experience in a dynamically growing and successful company, will join us! Somebody able to learn and integrate new technologies independently or within the team with the desire to extend his/her skills and technical knowledge. Advertiser Brief description of the companyOur Bratislava-based company FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is part of the Austrian FREQUENTIS group (www.frequentis.com). We are a leading global supplier of communication and information solutions for safety-critical applications, such as for air traffic control towers, public safety control rooms (112) or air defense forces. Our mission-critical solutions cover diverse areas, such as telephony and radio communication, Geographical Information Systems (GIS), incident and resource management, video surveillance and automatic video analytics.
FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services is specialized in software development and project delivery. Together with our parent company we are developing FREQUENTIS’ next generation control room solutions, using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Our delivery teams then deploy those solutions at our customers around the globe, with responsibility for commercial and technical project management, engineering and quality assurance.
To grow our team, we are constantly looking for talents in all these fields. Our company offers an interesting and challenging technical environment, a people-focused culture with emphasis on a good work-life-balance and, if desired, a long-term development and career opportunities.
For our customers, lives may be at stake and seconds count. Our solutions thus need to be developed to the highest standards when it comes to usability and reliability. Safety is what guides us from the first designs till the final tests of any of our solutions. If those are the kinds of challenges that excite you, then you have come to the right place! Number of employees150-199 employees ContactContact person: Ing.  Eva LajchováE-mail: send CV
All company jobs
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4427457 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Java Programmer, Software Engineer   Spoločnosť: FREQUENTIS Solutions & Services s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 1 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
