Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceSoftware Architect .NET 
Software Architect .NETCRIF - Slovak Credit Bureau, s. r. o.
Place of work
Twin City C, Old Town
Contract type
full-time
Wage (gross)
3 000 EUR/monthBase gross monthly salary starting on 3000€/month. Salary can be much higher depending on the candidate's experience.
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties* Focus on the system as a whole rather than on specific areas of implementation.
*  Drive architecture/technology decisions in light of as-is and to be scenarios.
*  Evaluate the impact of technical alternatives in respect to business needs.
*  Drive non-functional requirements (reliability, performance, supportability, security).
* Drive the team software development process and practices.
*  Focus on agility and change management while using the specific CRIF tools and methodologies and standard programming practices, and to contribute to their improvements.
*  Have a good business domain knowledge and use it to aid decision making on technical/architecture issues.
*  Have a good understanding of business organization and culture
*  Build trusting relationships with business
*  Have a good knowledge of market landscape in terms of available solutions and tools, and use it to propose integrated solutions
*  Be a technical team leader and hierarchical manager of development teams.
*  Act as mentor and/or coach for his colleagues
*  Focus on learning new emerging technologies and extending the technical skills both broadly and deeply. Create a migration path to cloud native solutions. Employee perks, benefits* base gross monthly salary starting from EUR 3000 / month; salary can be higher depending on work experience
* 5 extra vacation days
* sickness-leave allowance during the first 10 days of sickness
* health and life insurance contribution
* contribution to pension fund
* extra meal-voucher allowance
* non-stop license on pluralsight.com and MSDN Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionSecondary with school-leaving examination
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Educational SpecializationInformation TechnologiesLanguage skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2)Personality requirements and skills* Bachelor’s degree in computer science or information systems
* Solid technical knowledge (Microsoft.NET, Elastic Search, React,  C#, Microsoft SQL)
* Customer oriented (with good communication skills)
* Experience in application development and design or delivery projects in an international environment
* Relationship-building and negotiation skills
* English language skills Advertiser Brief description of the companyCRIF is the international company that manages Banking and Non-banking Credit Bureaus, provides a complete range of solutions for business & consumer information as well as credit & marketing management. 
Our mother company is CRIF S.p.A. with seat in Italy, which is successful on the market more than 30 years. Number of employees100-149 employees ContactContact person: kariera CrifTel.: +421911369084E-mail: send CV 
                        CRIF - Slovak Credit Bureau, s.r.o.
                        Mlynské nivy 14, Twin City C
                        Bratislava 82109
                        Slovensko
www.crif.sk
Tel:
                        +421 (02) 5920 7511
E-mail:
[email protected]
IČO:
                        35886013
IČ DPH:
                        SK2021842042
DIČ:
                        2021842042
Reg. číslo:
                        31737/B
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 3942489 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  17.3.2023 
    2023-03-17
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: .NET Programmer, C# Programmer, IT Architect, Project Manager, Scrum Master   Spoločnosť: CRIF - Slovak Credit Bureau, s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 3 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťZobraziť miesto práce na mapeUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
