Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceJava Developer 
SOLUTION FOR YOUR CAREER
ABB SOLUTIONS Slovakia
Job offers
Java Developer
Place of work
Štúrova 27, Staré Mesto, Slovakia, Košice (Job with occasional home office)
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Start date
ASAP
Wage (gross)
2 000 - 3 500 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties Analyze, design and develop microservices for ETL and messaging platform Analyze, design and develop automated web scraping tools written in Java or Python Understand business requirements, functionality and customer needs to create intuitive, - feature-rich, and user-friendly solutions Provide practical solutions for problems that arise during the engineering and architectural processes Design and maintain clean and reliable code in alignment with best practices and internal standards Employee perks, benefits Custom/Own Product HW Provided for Home Office Work Windows/Mac choice Paid Overtime Internal AWS Academy Training and Certification Courses Multisport Card Employer's Supplementary Pension Savings (DDS) contribution Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Upper intermediate (B2) and Slovak - Upper intermediate (B2)Other knowledgeJava - AdvancedSQL (MySQL experience a plus) - BasicGIT - SkillfulPersonality requirements and skillsExperience and Knowledge: At least 2 years of experience designing, developing and maintaining Java software eco systems At least 2 years of experience in developing Java applications Understanding of OOP design principles and patternsPersonality Requirements: Attention to detail Diligence Teamwork skills Advertiser Brief description of the companyABB Optical Group in the United State is a leading provider of optical products, services and business solutions in the eye care industry. ABB operates through three business pillars: ABB Contact Lens, ABB Labs and ABB Business Solutions. ABB is focused on the future of eye care professionals, helping them succeed by making practices more efficient and assisting providers to effectively navigate market changes. Visit abboptical.com for more information.We have a unique platform that leverages many of the latest Amazon Web Services technologies to address some of the most challenging marketing and security needs in the United States. We use some of the newest Amazon technologies—Aurora, EBS, EC2, SES and many more. We also work on multi-channel messaging with SMS, IVR using the Twilio platform. If you want to transform your career and get an opportunity be part of an American company and American culture, then come visit us.Our joint-headquarters are in Coral Springs, Florida in the United States and Kosice, Slovakia. Today, more than 1,500 providers in the United States depend on our technology and our dynamic team to help them provide exceptional care for their patients. ContactContact person: Ing.  Ivana MartiniakovaTel.: +421911602291E-mail: send CV Send Cv
www.abbsolutionsslovakia.com
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4459428 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  15.3.2023 
    2023-03-15
lokalita: Košice   Pozícia: Backend developer   Spoločnosť: ABB Solutions Slovakia, s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 000 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
