Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceData Science Internship in Tax Team 
                                Place of work
                            Bratislava, Slovakia (Job with occasional home office)
                                Contract type
                            part-time, internship, work experience
                                Ponúkaná mzda (brutto)
6,6 EUR/hour
Data Science Internship in Tax TeamOrientačná celková mzda (brutto)6,6 EUR/hour
Data Science Internship in Tax TeamBratislava, SlovakiaWe have more than 140 interns working in various departments (marketing, finance, human resources, sales, information technology, data science, etc.) and we are looking for more enthusiasts to start their career at Dell.We are looking for a student that can envision a new way of doing things. Someone that is curious to learn how things work, then drive to make it more efficient – introducing new technologies along the way. Someone that has a “growth mindset” and does not see a personal limit to what they can do and learn.Join us as an Intern on our Global Tax Automation team in Bratislava, Slovakia to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impactWhat you’ll achieveTeam offers flexible working schedule and open to new ideas challenging existing processes. There is an opportunity to learn about and be part of many projects and aspects of finance (tax, invoicing, accounts payable, accounts receivable and accounting), Sales support, Supply Chain (order management, flow of goods), and process redesigning. You will have the opportunity to learn from the subject matter experts in the field at Dell.Successful candidate will work closely with Dell’s global business tax teams and Dell’s IT organization. Candidate will be responsible for monitoring, maintaining  and/or developing custom solutions (e.g. Excel/Access VBA, Alteryx, SQL, Python, Power BI, Data Science tools) for Tax team, tax systems, specifically those impacting indirect tax or transfer pricing and corporate taxes. Candidate will work primarily with tax, finance, sales, and IT to resolve incidents with the applications (incorrect tax calculation, etc.).  Candidate will communicate and work closely with large cross-functional teams throughout the world.You will:Solution, test, document and apply system changes and process changes to resolve issuesMonitor the tax custom built solutions and determination system and provide solutions to business users as incidents ariseExtract, transform and report on large data sets for further analysisIdentify and document business requirements, process flows, system flows, etc.Drive resolution of issues back into appropriate groups to ensure resolution when appropriateTake the first step towards your dream careerEvery Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role:Essential Requirements:Daily University Student Fluent EnglishAble to work well in collaborative teams and fast paced environmentAbility and willingness to quickly learn new IT systemsExcel proficiencyDesirable Requirements:SQL, Access and or Visio experience OR programming experience (VBA, C, object oriented programming) OR PythonHourly pay: 6.60 EUR GrossHere’s our story; now tell us yoursDell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress. What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life -- while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more. We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today. You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here.Benefits: Community of more than 140 interns at Dell Technologies Bratislava Access into Learning studio – more than 2,000 online trainings, Dell Laptop, Option to continue in professional development programs after your graduation, Networking groups – collaboration, community and personal development (ERGs). Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Employment Opportunity Policy here.#ProfesiaBenefity
Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4535838 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  10.3.2023 
    2023-03-10
lokalita: Bratislava   Pozícia: Database Administrator, Database Analyst, Financial Analyst, Programmer, Systems Administrator   Spoločnosť: Dell   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 6,6 EUR/hour
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
