Hľadanie práce
                    Podľa regiónov
Bratislavský kraj
Banskobystrický kraj
Žilinský kraj
Trenčiansky kraj
Trnavský kraj
Nitriansky kraj
Prešovský kraj
Košický kraj
Zahraničie
Brigády
Všetky ponuky
            Vytvorte si životopis
            Tip
Prihlásiť
Vstup pre firmy
×
                    Prihlásiť
                            Vytvorte si životopisTip
                            Vstup pre firmy
Úvodná stránkaHľadanie práceData engineer (100% HO) 
Data engineer (100% HO)Offer experts s. r. o.
Place of work
Remote work
Contract type
full-time, trade licence
Wage (gross)
2 800 - 6 500 EUR/month
Information about the position Job description, responsibilities and duties• Perform ad-hoc analyses of data stored in the business’s MySQL/MS SQL databases and develop SQL code.
• Understand business requirements, build and tune prototypes encapsulating advanced business logic
• Analyze, prototype and develop customer predictor features on top of data warehouse
• Analyze, prototype and develop risk scoring models operationalization using Multitude's own realtime engine
• Perform thorough testing and validation in order to support the accuracy of data transformations and data verification used in predictive models.
• Strive to ensure proper data governance and quality across the Data department and the business as a whole
• Participate in data management activities such as analyze complex data elements and systems, data flow, dependencies, and relationships in order to contribute to conceptual physical and logical data models.
• Provide support to the entire department for its data-centric needs.
• Keep up with industry trends and best practices, advising on new and improved data engineering strategies that will drive departmental performance leading to overall improvement in data governance across the business, promoting informed decision-making, and ultimately improving overall business performance. Employee perks, benefitspossible working in BA or 100% remotely
+ many bonuses - specified on interview Requirements for the employee Candidates with education suit the positionFollow-up/Higher Professional Education
University education (Bachelor's degree)
University education (Master's degree)
Postgraduate (Doctorate)Language skillsEnglish - Intermediate (B1)Personality requirements and skills• Good understanding of financial services and banking domain to be able to understand business requirements and propose solutions
• Strong understanding of databases and data structures.
• Strong analytical skills, ability to discuss and clarify business requirements
• Fluent English, both written and verbal.
• Proficiency in MS SQL server development (T-SQL):
- design, build, and maintain operational and ETL pipelines
- tune queries performance
- experience with CLR Integration is an advantage
• Good self management and ability to meet agreed sprint goals based on prioritization discussed with delivery lead Advertiser Brief description of the companyrecruitment services/IT delivery ContactContact person: Mgr.  Peter KluknavskyE-mail: send CV Send CV to the company 
                    Recommend job to a friend
 E-mail Facebook Viber Whatsapp
ID: 4533202 
     Dátum zverejnenia:  6.3.2023 
    2023-03-06
lokalita: Remote work   Pozícia: Database Administrator, Database Analyst, IT Analyst, IT Architect, Programmer   Spoločnosť: Offer experts s. r. o.   
Základná zložka mzdy (brutto): 2 800 EUR/month
Poslať spoločnosti životopisOdporučiť ponuku známemuOdporučiť ponuku cez FacebookTlačiťUložiť ponukuZobraziť uložené pracovné ponuky 
                Všetky ponuky
            Prihlásiť
Tip
        Vytvorte si životopis
PROFESIA.SK
O nás
Kontakt
Blog
Facebook
Všeobecné obchodné podmienky
Ochrana osobných údajov
Nastavenia cookies
Cenník
Užitočné odkazy
Kariéra v kocke
Brigády 
Zoznam pozícií
Zoznam lokalít
Partneri
Naše projekty
Platy.sk
HR nástroj Mark 
Tulu
Edujobs
Chránené dielne
Výpomoc so srdcom
Podujatia
Profesia days
Najzamestnávateľ
                            SK
                            CZ
                            EN
                            DE
                            HU
                            Українською
© 1997-2023 Profesia. Všetky práva vyhradené. PROFESIA.SK je členom skupiny Alma Media.
× PrihláseniePrihlásenie/registrácia
× 
