Close
Domov
Ponuka práceHľadáte ľudí?PrihlásiťRegistrovaťCenník služiebVytvoriť životopis
				© 2023 Zoznam, s.r.o. Všetky práva vyhradené.
 Network Services EngineerIBM21.02.2023Job informationPlace of work
Bratislava
Bratislava, SlovakiaPosition / industry
Information Technologies - Software, Telecommunications; ProgrammerJob description, information about job
Job Overview:
As a Network Services Engineer you will together with your teammates support IBM global network. You will be responsible for network operations and infrastructure services regionally and globally. As a part of the Network Team, your responsibilities will include daily hands-on network operations management, including incident management, change management and creating and maintaining documentation as well as the application of a variety of coding technologies supporting tools automation with focus on the availability, resiliency, reliability, security and scalability of the network infrastructure, platforms, and services from an operations perspective. Your role will not be limited only to Network Services Engineer responsibilities but may include Service Management and SRE responsibility as part of your daily job. 
Responsibilities:
- Analyze and advise solutions to improve service availability and reliability using SRE tenets
- Continuous interaction with Network Engineering squads to maintain network availability and compliance, and Vendors to drive critical items to completion in the area of Wide Area Network, Campus infrastructure and internet transport
- Track project statuses, resolve roadblocks (resource constraints, requirement ambiguity, etc.), and communicate ongoing progress to stakeholders
- Work with Operations and vendors on reported issues until completion, including Incident and Change Management
- Create and Manage Capacity Dashboard to monitor key matrix required for Steady State operations model
- Plan and deliver Network upgrades of existing appliances. Provide technical guidance to project managers and service managers.
What do we offer:
Salary starting from 3300 EUR gross, depending on your skills and experience
- Additional Days Off
- Flexible Working Conditions
- 100% Paid Sick Leave
- Critical Illness Insurance, Life & Disability insurance, Medical Center
- Personal & Career Development
And many more: http://ibm.biz/benefits_IBM
Required Experience:
- Previous experience in IT Infrastructure / Network Engineering with Cisco and Juniper, or other large-scale vendor certifications.
- Extensive application support experience within WANs, LANs, Wireless (CCNP Level) working technical knowledge of current network hardware, protocols, and standards.
- Ability to operate network component analyzers, scanners, and testers
- Ability to provide direction, communicate and provide strong leadership to network vendors who provide products and services
- Capability in managing simultaneous projects, crisis situations, and successfully meeting deadlines, effective problem-solving and mitigations evaluations
Preferred Experience:
- Cisco ACI and SD-WAN experience.
- Ansible Tower experience
- Proven analytic skills and the ability to isolate and resolve complex issues
- Demonstrated ability to defend and support ideas and experience working across diverse teams to facilitate solutions
- SRE and Experience in Automation and ScriptingOffered salary
3300 EUR
Specification of salary conditions
Final salary depends on skills and relevant experience.Type of employment
full-timeEmployee requirementsMinimum required education
Secondary with Leaving ExaminationLanguage skills
English (upper-intermediate - B2)Company informationCompany characteristics
Spoločnosť IBM je jednou z najväčších IT spoločností na svete a pod názvom International Business Machines poskytuje klientom svoje služby už viac ako 100 rokov. Celosvetovo pôsobí vo vyše 160 krajinách sveta. Poslaním spoločnosti IBM je pomocou integrovaných, flexibilných a efektívnych riešení pomáhať svojim zákazníkom redukovať ich náklady a zvýšiť tak ich konkurencieschopnosť na trhu. Samostatná pobočka IBM Slovensko s.r.o. bola založená 7. decembra 1992. V roku 2003 založila IBM na Slovensku druhú pobočku IBM International Services Centre s.r.o. (ISC). Spoločnosť IBM je najväčší zamestnávateľ v oblasti IT na Slovensku.Adress
IBMMlynské nivy 49Bratislava - mestská časť RužinovSlovak Republic1006209030074001Respond to offer
Be a part of something great at IBM
Imagine a world where inspired ideas and innovative technology combine to create a smarter, more sustainable future. Welcome to the world of IBM.
https://ibm.com/jobs/sk
                Connect with us:
Do your best work ever.
SK
EN
    		Do your best work ever.
Respond to offer
Späť na pracovné ponuky
Reagovať na ponuku
Zdieľať na facebook
Poslať ponuku priateľovi
Poslať ponuku priateľovi
Pridať medzi obľúbené
Ponuky spoločnosti (44)
Podobné pracovné ponuky
Microsoft Azure Data Engineer
IBM
Web Developer
Zoznam, s.r.o.
SAP Analytics Consultant
IBM
Java developer - TPP/živnosť & REMOTE (Ref. č.: 1-16-41374)
Grafton Slovakia s.r.o.
Mainframe (ASO) Developer
IBM
O násCenník služiebZoznam pozíciíObchodné podmienkyPodmienky spracovania osobných údajovKalkulačka mzdyKariérne poradenstvoTlačové správyNapíšte nám Cookies
Nastavenie súkromia
Kariéra info
Kariéra EXPO
Kariéra Raňajky
			sk | en | ua 
		© 2023 Zoznam, s.r.o. Všetky práva vyhradené.
DomovVytvoriť životopisPonuky mailomRegistrovať 
