Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Software Engineer / Golang Developer (f/m/d) (Budapest)
Software Engineer / Golang Developer (f/m/d) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Cinemo GmbH
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
Software Engineer / Golang Developer (f/m/d)
Who is Cinemo?
Cinemo is a fast paced, highly successful global company, a hidden champion, located at the heart of Karlsruhe (Germany), Budapest (Hungary) and Seoul (South Korea). With our team of 200+ international people, we are creating embedded and cloud software for the next generations of In-Vehicle Infotainment (IVI) systems. Our customers are top branded automotive companies around the world.
We are working to empower any device with media. We are growing fast, breathing innovation and customer centricity. For our team we need exceptionally talented, bright people with a drive to work hard for their customers, both internally and externally. If you would like to help us get our software and cloud services into every car, this is your chance to make history.
Position Description:
As a Software Engineer / Golang Developer (f/m/d), you will be responsible for developing and maintaining Cinemo’s cloud services. This includes caching, security and identity services, and when needed frontend applications. A firm grasp of cloud architecture is required, specifically related to scalability, distributed systems and databases. Although you will not maintain build pipelines, you will be involved in deployment strategies and therefore require a solid understanding of CI/CD, automated testing and release management.
Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain Cinemo’s backend media services in Go/Golang
Define requirements for new features with internal stakeholders
Develop new functionality in microservices architecture
Integrate with internal infrastructure
Cooperate with DevOps to design and implement the needed infrastructure for a 24/7/365 operations
Experience & Skills:
Must-Have Skills
3 years of experience in Software Engineering
Proficient in Go/Golang
Experience with Microservices
Nice-To-Have Skills
Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) experience
Caching services
REST API design
Monitoring and analytics
Service-oriented architectures
Jira
C++
“Full-Stack” web development experience
This position requires someone who:
Is self-organized, proactive and able to work under minimal supervision
Pays attention to details and is highly motivated
Is not afraid to ask questions and challenge assumptions
Values tests while developing
Is security-minded
Has ability to work in a fast-paced environment where iterative changes may need to go out in rapid succession
Can work in an agile environment
Is comfortable working within established code and process frameworks
Is a team player
Is proficient in English
Place of employment: 1056 Budapest, Váci utca 81. or Karlsruhe
Benefits/perks:
Additional Healthcare benefit
Flexible working hours
31 days holiday per year
Hybrid working
Relocation support (international)
Modern and powerful hardware
Fruit, drinks and snacks for free
Central and modern offices
Free parking spaces
Challenging innovative projects with impressive customers
Reimbursement of optional German/ English language course
Lucrative referral program
Home office equipment // Ready for work
Salary range for (depending on seniority):
 40 000€ – 70 000€ per year gross
If you are passionate about new technology and keen on working within an international team, Cinemo is looking for you!
The successful candidate can be based anywhere within Germany or Hungary.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
