Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Devops Engineer for Cloud Solutions and ServiceNOW (REF1586G) (Budapest)
Devops Engineer for Cloud Solutions and ServiceNOW (REF1586G) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
német - középfokú
The largest ICT employerin Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH)is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sitesin Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Devops Engineer for Cloud Solutions and ServiceNOW (REF1586G)
Implementation of customer needs in an agile way in the Magenta Operations Squad also as Mindset for : 
M - Mindset
O - Opportunities
P - People
S - Skills
Tasks:
Daily standups and other agile rituals with the customer DPDHL
Cooperative daily work in a team bigger than 10 members 
Implementing new releases
Developing and maintaining ServiceNOW Workflows
Main points of the Squad and the Team is to represent the implementation of a modern IT operations approach that relies on a strong reduction in recurring activities
An increase in the DevOps share has in focus
Relying on the elimination of silos
Has the focus on end-to-end responsibility in the agile team
Relies on highly automated service delivery
Requirements:
ServiceNOW - No Code/ Low Code , Workflow implementation 
Postgres, MySQL, Linux/Windows system management
Basic Network Knowledge
Scripting in multiple coding language
Agile tools knowledge
Azure DevOps, Testing methodologies\ tools
Daily working CI/CD tools, like Jenkins, Spinnaker, Gitlab as continuous integration
Docker containerization technologies, Kubernetes- Microservices environment
Terraform
English and German knowledge
Experienced
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
 .Net fejlesztő
Thyssenkrupp -
SAP FI-CO Supporter
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Security Analyst (REF92A)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
