Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Lead MySQL-MariaDB Database Administrator (Budapest)
If you want to take part in shaping the future of Payment, join our Fintech community in Budapest!
Lead MySQL-MariaDB Database Administrator (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Euronet Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
angol - felsőfokú
Euronet Worldwide is an industry leader in processing secure electronic financial transactions. The Company offers payment and transaction processing solutions to financial institutions, retailers, service providers and individual consumers. These services include comprehensive ATM, POS and card outsourcing services, card issuing and merchant acquiring services, software solutions, consumer money transfer and bill payment services, and electronic distribution for prepaid mobile phone time and other prepaid products.
Description
Do, what you love
Guide Direction: You are responsible to lead the administration of MySQL and MariaDB area across the enterprise
Expertise: You provide excellent technical expertise in solving problems in our database systems as well as in the design for complex database solutions
Maintaining: You maintain the awareness of developments in emerging technologies and disciplines related to present and future products as well as solutions through research and further development
Database Environment: You contribute to the customer satisfaction and profitability having customer needs in mind and being aware of possible issues in their database environments
Database Administration: You perform proactive database administration for all databases and promote the adoption of standards, processes and SIAs
Requirements
Show us, what you´ve got
Education: You have a degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or equivalent technical education and have already several years of professional experience in the IT industry especially on the MySQL and MariaDB Product Suite and working in the support of large enterprise environments
Experience: Ideally you bring knowledge of the following:
MySQL 5.6/5.7/8.0 and MariaDB 10.4/10.5/10.6 both on-premises and Cloud
Clustered architecture like InnoDB cluster, Galera Cluster
Advanced HS Replication solutions with MySQL, MariaDB, Percona
MySQL, MariaDB Backup, Restores, advanced monitoring solutions as well as migrations to the cloud
Personality: You offer excellent problem-solving, multitasking as well as communication skills, and have a logical and pragmatic mindset
Language Skills: You can easily communicate in English in our intercultural environment and in any situation
Benefits
Competitive and fair salary package including various benefits
Professional and international working environment
Excellent career prospects within a dynamic and multinational organization with leading position in the market and ambitious expansion plan
Participating in challenging business initiatives
Friendly and nice coworkers to grab a coffee with
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Frontend Developer (React)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Network Operations Team Lead
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Lead fullstack fejlesztő - E-commerce alkalmazások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Software engineer team lead
HumanField Kft. -
FEJLESZTÉSI PROJEKTVEZETŐ
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
