Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Intermediate DevOps Engineer (Budapest)
Intermediate DevOps Engineer (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Intermediate DevOps Engineer
Job Description Summary:
As a Cloud DevOps Engineer, you will work on an agile team with developers from internal business units to deliver business value and outcomes. You will help to develop, test, and implement infrastructure code to assist the team in achieving their goals. Work will be done start to finish by an intact cross-functional team using an agile methodology,
and employing the assistance of a scrum master, product owner, and agile coach. Each member of the team brings unique technical skills and strives to cross train to gain additional technical knowledge across multiple disciplines in an exciting and dynamic work environment.
What You Will Do:
Develop, Deploy and Support Cloud Infrastructure, as code artifacts or modules Install and Maintain Cloud infrastructure and applications
Support and deliver using Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery pipelines
Support resiliency and scalability using AWS and other cloud platforms
Enable systems with automated monitoring and alerting
Support the Team and Customers with day-to-day requests, Change and Incident tickets
Support Technology stack refresh on Systems (end-to-end) when required
Ensure automated security is built into each technology stack
Understand and respond to emerging requirements and ambiguous technology decisions
Aegon is a multinational financial services group headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands. The company has multiple locations across the globe, with core markets in The Netherlands, the UK, and the US, growth markets in China, Brazil, and Iberia, and an Asset Management organization with locations in the UK, US, NL, and Hungary. Aegon Global Business Solution Center is supporting these businesses with IT, Finance, Risk, Model Validation, Actuarial, Audit, and Asset management services with a growing team of approx. 300 people, based in Budapest, Hungary.
At Aegon, they foster a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. They are a people business, and they recognize that delivering excellent client outcomes comes from harnessing distinct perspectives. They value diversity in the full range of human uniqueness without limitation, including race, gender, ability, language, culture, beliefs, age, origin, background, perspectives, and experiences.
What You Will Need:
Qualifications
Four-year Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent work experience
Experience in supporting enterprise-level platform installations
Experience working with cloud providers (Azure/ AWS, etc..)
Experience with Agile development and planning methodologies
Experience in performance monitoring, alerting and troubleshooting in an enterprise
Understanding of the internet and hosting from the network layer up through the application layer
Preferred
Experience working in roles with a focus on security, including automated alerting and response
An understanding of API’s and API Security
An understanding of automated code testing
Certifications in relevant technologies, methods, or platforms
Demonstrate the key critical behaviors of commitment to task, communication, customer focus, decision making/problem solving,  tolerance of ambiguity, planning, prioritizing, and goal setting
Compensation:
Competitive salary
Comprehensive health package
 Brand new office at an excellent location
 Hybrid working
Opportunities for growth and advancement
 A highly people centric, positive and supportive work environment
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
