Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cloud System Administrator (REF1564L) (Budapest)
Cloud System Administrator (REF1564L) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Cloud System Administrator (REF1564L)
Tasks:
Administration, provisioning and operation the Application infrastructure  (based on Grommunio / Jitsi / Matrix / Owncloud)
Continuous improvement of tools, methods and processes
Conception and administration of the CI/CD-Pipeline / Infrastructure following the infrastructure as Code paradigm with Ansible, the process implementation and the automation of builds, tests and releases
Linux Server infrastructure, using Container stacks like Docker and facilitating container orchestration with Kubernetes
Code: General support for Source Code Management with git repositories, trainings and best practices
Continuous Delivery: Setup and support of CD Pipelines, managing Linux based virtual machines and ensure service availability (e.g. using Ansible) and support for different build- and test-technologies
Dependency- / Package Management: Support for efficient management of internal and external software artifacts and management of software repositories
Other services: Implementation of permission management concepts for all tools and technologies and ensuring compliance with GDPR / TISAX and other security and data protection regulations, Code quality and security management and implementation of extensions and plugins, mostly REST API based
Skills:
Relevant professional experience with Linux, DevOps and application lifecycle management
Technical requirements:
OS (Linux (shell & bash)
Database
Web servers
GIT
English is a must (written/spoken), German is an advantage
High quality awareness
Personality: team player, has outward mindset, open to innovation, development and changes
Multiple
* Please be informed that our remote working possibility is only available within Hungary due to European taxation regulation.
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs, Szeged
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Hálózatépítő
Hays Hungary Kft. -
System Administrator
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Linux System Administrator (REF1610S)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
English and German speaking Linux System Administrator (REF1491J)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Linux System Administrator
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
