Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Principal Software Engineer (Budapest)
Principal Software Engineer (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Principal Software Engineer
The Company
Diligent is the largest governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) SaaS provider, serving more than one million users from over 25,000 organizations around the globe. Our modern GRC platform ensures boards, executives and other leaders have a holistic, integrated view of audit, risk, information security,
ethics and compliance across the organization and up to the board. Diligent brings technology, insights, and confidence to leaders so they can build more effective, equitable and successful organizations. We empower 79% of the Fortune 500, 90% of the FTSE 100 and 83% of the ASX 200 to improve their bottom line, keep pace with stakeholder expectations and create lasting, positive impact on the world. Our passionate, smart, and creative group of more than 1,800 employees support customers around the globe.
Position Overview
As a Principal Software Engineer, you will be creating robust, scalable, and secure Serverless microservices that power our SaaS platform and make governance easy for our customers. You’ll have the full power of AWS at your disposal to build new Serverless solutions and to help migrating existing products to the new platform and architecture. You will be a technology evangelist, creating and continuously communicating the architectural vision and driving its implementation. You are aware of the inter-dependencies of business, organization, process and software architecture and act as an entrepreneur to align these from an architectural perspective. You will work in a truly global environment, interacting closely with leaders and teams from various backgrounds and locations around the world. Together with other Principal Software
Engineers, you will promote technologies, standards, best practices, and shared services that underpin our product integration vision and commercial strategy. You will support simplification and standardization of our development practices and delivery pipelines, and push Diligent’s engineering culture towards Technical Excellence.
What you will do
Design and implement secure, scalable, yet simple solutions using AWS Serverless
technology. These solutions should strive to be event-driven, highly observable, with
infrastructure as code, and tightly leveraging AWS’s ecosystem of services
Research best practices for developing with AWS and assist teams in adopting these
best practices into their solutions
Guide the migration of private data center products to AWS and their integration to the
common Diligent platform.
Getting hands-on and participating in team deliverables 
Optimize teams’ development and delivery experience, so teams can be highly productive and regularly deploying to production
Coach and mentor less senior developers, provide guidance on technical designs, and provide constructive feedback so everyone can grow and learn alongside you
Drive collaboration and communication between teams on all matters related to architecture. Support the teams by providing documented standards and practices. Understand the challenges the teams face due to inconsistent architecture between products, and develop a strategy to address
Enforce architectural standards and consistency when required to meet organizational goals.
Work with individual teams to define architectural solutions that balance the team's tactical goals with the company's strategic vision
What you need to succeed
10+ years of professional experience building web applications in an agile environment
Ideal candidates will be able to demonstrate exceptionally strong technical,
commercial, communication and leadership skills, and be driven, resourceful, and not intimidated by the significant challenges around integration of diverse products on disparate technology stacks.
Strong ability to architect with AWS using Infrastructure-as-Code tools such as
Terraform, CDK, or CloudFormation
Strong understanding of distributed data storages (e.g. Aurora, DynamoDB, S3) and
how to build a scalable platform using them
Strong understanding of Event Driven Architecture and its applications
Passion for optimizing software delivery, automating routine tasks, and building secure and resilient platforms
Passion for learning and sharing your knowledge with others in your team or
department
Excitement for understanding our customers and their problems, so that we can
champion Modern Governance all around the world
Experience with a wide range of software development languages, frameworks,
patterns, and tools
You will need experience with legacy systems as well as new architectures and technologies and be able to balance the need for pragmatic solutions that leverage our existing assets with the desire for best of breed modern solutions to set a foundation for years to come.
Managing relationships and team working - able to build and maintain effective
working relationships with a range of people. Works co-operatively with others to be part of a team, as opposed to working separately or competitively
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
