Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Java Team Leader (Budapest)
Java Team Leader (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Java Team Leader
Your new company
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines is a leading European airline. KLM IT is a strong mature agile organization with over 1.000 internal employees worldwide – but they are starting fresh in Budapest with a new start-up this year.
Together they fly 110 aircraft to 145 destinations, bringing millions of passengers to where they need to be, developing sustainable travel and pushing the boundaries of air travel towards to the future. Welcome aboard flight KL1977, made possible in part by you, the software engineering leader.
KLM has set the goal of becoming the most data and technology-driven airline in the world. Changing their way of working, modernizing their technology landscape and architecture and the right positioning of the employees in this Data & Technology organization is essential to realize this ambition.
Four business platforms have been implemented so far: Flight, People, Technology & Intelligence (Human Resources), Ground and Integral Planning & Control. Business Flight will be the platform where you land!
Your new role
Very briefly, you will be working on some of KLM's core systems that support their flying crew members. From systems that enable planning and rostering of their crew to ensuring the right catering is placed onboard every flight, the 3 domains within Flight have a very diverse application landscape. Through your work, you will have a direct impact on their crew, aircrafts and customers.
In addition:
You will supervise a number of software engineers
You will be the link between your department and the rest of the business
You will be part of the tech management and you will give direction to technical solutions
You will work with different programming tools
What you'll need to succeed
You love complex problems and enjoy solving them even more. You are not afraid of change. In fact, you want to constantly improve their services. You speak various programming languages, but also enjoy coaching and guiding software engineers. Your will be working in an environment that at this moment also relies on planning & rostering systems or SAP (catering), knowledge on integrating COTS in custom applications and experience with DevOps is a pre.
A college or university degree, preferably in IT or engineering
Good knowledge of the English language
A strong knowledge of different programming languages
Java
TypeScript
Preferred but not necessary, secondary experience in
Front end (Angular)
DevOps
More than 7 years of proven experience in software development
What you'll get in return
A challenging role at a unique European company
10% of your work time dedicated to personal development and a personal learning budget
10% bonus depending on individual as well as the company performance
Great flexible benefits such as: nursery, health care, pension, parking, SZEP card, etc.
Attractive discounts on airline tickets (after 6 months of service) with KLM and their partners
A personal budget for sustainable employability
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Munkavégzés helye:
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Software Engineer (Java, Fintech)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Software Engineering Manager
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead - Devops (REF1105J)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Software engineer team lead
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Head of Team - Hyperscaler (REF1557F)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
