Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
 Medior/Senior Engineer (React, TypeScript, Javascript) (Budapest)
 Medior/Senior Engineer (React, TypeScript, Javascript) (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
 Medior/Senior Engineer (React, TypeScript, Javascript)
The Company
Diligent is the pioneer in modern governance. We empower leaders to turn governance into a competitive advantage through unparalleled insight and highly secure, integrated SaaS applications, helping organizations thrive and endure in today’s complex, global landscape. The largest global network of corporate directors and executives, Diligent is relied on by more than 19,000 organizations and nearly 700,000 leaders in over 90 countries. With award-winning customer service, Diligent serves more than 50% of the Fortune 1000, 70% of the FTSE 100, and 65% of the ASX. Our passionate, smart, and creative group of more than 1,000 employees support customers around the globe.
Position Overview
We are looking for an Senior Software Engineer with strong hands-on knowledge of cross-platform development using React to help drive the modernization of a market-leading governance/risk/compliance solution.
Key Responsibilities
Work closely with the PO and Scrum Master of the team in order to have a smooth operation, development flow and optimal resource allocation.
Communicate effectively with other development teams, production operations, and a number of other technology groups, to ensure regular smooth delivery of working software to production.
Design, code, review and test assigned features and user stories, in accordance with the agile methodology employed by Diligent
Contribute to the quality assurance/testing strategy for assigned features, performing technical tasks as required to support that strategy, including but not limited to development of unit and other automated tests, and assisting with acceptance and regression testing
Ensure all work is carried out and documented in accordance with required standards, methods and procedures to ensure information retention and re-use.
Plan and control the workflow to ensure all deadlines are met and manage your own tasks effectively
Attend Daily Scrum, Sprint Planning, Backlog Refinement, and Retrospective Meetings
Involved in continuous improvement of processes by regularly making improvement recommendations at team retrospectives
Required Experience/Skills
0-3 years of software engineering experience
Degree, or equivalent, in Computer Science, Mathematics or similar discipline
Strong communication and people management skills
Experience working in agile development teams
Experience in Agile. Providing estimates and reporting progress
Able to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical teams
Strong experience in a hands-on development role at a commercial software company
Demonstrable experience of devising and delivering changes to large/complex products
Commitment to producing well tested and documented code
Strong code review, mentoring and refactoring skills
Creative and innovative problem-solving skills
Familiarity with Source Code Control Systems (esp Git, GitHub) and common branching models such as GitFlow
Be passionate about delivering value to our customers
Preferred Experience/Skills 
React
SQL / Microsoft SQL
Cypress
Azure experience (plus)
Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks
Experience of working in regulated markets
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer (VNI 1 NNA_ACC Squad) (REF220B)
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Thyssenkrupp -
Szoftverfejlesztő mérnök (Indusztrializáció)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Frontend fejlesztő -német nyelvtudással (REF731J)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
