Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Technical IT Project Manager (Magyarország)
Technical IT Project Manager (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
5+ év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Technical IT Project Manager
Ensure development teams follow scrum framework values and agile practices, mentor and motivate team to improve processes, facilitate meetings and decision-making processes and eliminate team impediments.
Key Accountabilities / Responsibilities:
Working with the Program Manager and Engineering Manager to deliver key technical milestones that meet the needs of the business:
Facilitate Agile ceremonies (e.g. Daily Scrum, Sprint and Release Planning, Refining, Backlog Grooming, Sprint Retrospective)
Ensure team engagement
Teach and coach team practices, identify and eliminate impediments
Help the team meet its goals and coordinate activities with other teams
Work with Program Management to understand the business strategy to prioritize the backlog
acilitate the team’s progress toward team goals
Seek evidence of completion and confirm quality
Identify and manage risks
Unearth the root-cause of any potential delays, then develop actionable countermeasures to recover the schedule
Improve velocity, quality and predictability
Continuously improve and optimise processes to develop high-quality products
Manage conflicts, facilitate a healthy work environment
Our partner is an Australian technology company creating the future of mobility with software-defined driverless transport. To build this new future and respond to growing demand, we are on the hunt to employ fresh thinking, technical minds to join our dynamic team, where we will continue to innovate and thrive together.
The company develops safety-rated, autonomous-ready, digital control systems (Digital Backbone) and modular vehicle platforms (Blanc Robot), for global commercial applications. We are developing the next generation of mobility, where vehicles run entirely on software and are programmable, improving efficiency & sustainability.
It creates an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for technology, automotive and innovation to explore our open positions and join our growing team.
Self-starter / self-directed
Able to assess gaps and propose fixes for approval
Adept at engaging with and influencing engineering teams
Outcome focussed
Adaptable and able to prioritise
Comfortable with complexity and multiple tasks
Resilient to work in a fast-paced evolving environment
Strong written / verbal communication skills in English
Experience / Knowledge / Technical Skills Required:
MSc or BSc degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or similar
Extensive experience in the Agile Framework with emphasis on Scrum
Strong interpersonal skills, flexibility and focus on value creation
Experience in working across the full lifecycle of software development
At least 5 years’ experience in embedded software development projects in the Automotive Industry
Experience with Confluence & JIRA
Knowledge of MATLAB and Simulink is an advantage
The opportunity to have ownership over your responsibilities.
Satisfaction in being at the forefront of creating the future of a new and growing class of autonomous electric vehicles.
Work alongside a friendly and passionate team on cutting edge technology.
Mentorship by senior engineers from a variety of backgrounds and expertise.
Enjoy modern office space and great team environment
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
IT Project manager
Trenkwalder Kft. -
IT Project Manager junior
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead (Facilitator Chapter) (REF1581F)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Scrum Master
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
SAP Project Coordinator
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
