Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Medior Java Developer - Technical Support (Budapest)
Medior Java Developer - Technical Support (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Medior Java Developer - Technical Support
Your new company 
Our partner is a uniquely profitable B2B enterprise software company with 1,100 fiery-eyed employees all across Europe, the Americas, Middle East, and Asia. As the leading provider of enterprise open source technologies, our partner has been recognized by Gartner for empowering businesses around the world to solve complex digital challenge. But they don’t just make awesome software, they are also fueled by a greater-than-profit vision. By building a vibrant business, making technology useful, and investing in communities, our partner make it possible for people to reach their full potential to serve others. Our partner gives their employees five extra days off to volunteer at charities they’re excited about, and our partner donates a portion of their profits to charities around the world. „Oh, we’re also self-funded which gives us the freedom to work on whatever we think brings the most value to customers and communities in the long run!”
Your new role 
Do you enjoy finding smart solutions to resolve complex technical issues on the code level? Are you interested in improving products and robust systems that cover real business needs? Do you want to get familiar with various software technologies without the pressure of project deadlines or solution delivery dates? If your answer is yes you are at the right place.
Resolve technical issues
Take the opportunity to improve our Products’ quality
Our partner main objective is to help their subscribers to achieve meaningful goals
Work in a team of highly skilled and talented software engineers
What you'll need to succeed 
At least 2 year of experience coding in Java
At least an intermediate level of English knowledge
Problem-solving mindset
Eagerness to learn new skills and willingness to share it with others
What you'll get in return 
Health Care package
work social activities.
Working environment is very enjoyable, spacious and bright with excellent faculties.
Large cooking and entertaining areas, gaming rooms, team building environments and a healthy balance of competition/social networking. 
„We place the highest priority on the growth and success of our colleagues, with a flexible approach to reach a work style that includes 60% daily work, 20% helping each other and 20% learning time with near zero administration.”
Supports remote work
Our partner has won the "Best Employer" prize in 2020 by Kincentric!
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
SAP IT Application consultant Controlling
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Embedded Penetration Tester (Ethical Hacker)
Cinemo GmbH -
Embedded Software Engineer C++ (f/m/d)
Karrier Hungária -
Robotic Process Automation Specialist
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Application Support Engineer
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
