Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
BI Analyst (Budapest)
BI Analyst (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
BI Analyst
Your company
Our worldwide known multinational media client is looking for professionals for Business Intelligence Analyst position, which are based in the company’s Center of Excellence in Budapest. This is a great possibility to take part in complex, end-to-end global processes, learn and develop through their in-house training and be part of a dynamic, fun-loving corporate family!
Your new role 
Are you good with Excel, love data automation and want to grow? Are you good at understanding and collating business requirements? As a Reporting Services Analyst you’ll learn and use Alteryx to create compelling automated data processes for huge amounts of enterprise data.
The analyst’s primary responsibilities are to understand and collate data requirements of certain reporting activities, deliver and maintain automated data processing workflows.
Accordingly in Business Intelligence Team you’ll:
Improve and automate existing manual data processes
Understand and collate key data automation requirements, translate these requirements into effective, automated data processing workflows
Create automated data processing and data transformation workflows in automation platforms (Alteryx)
Develop necessary processes for loading, updating and maintaining non-DW data sources (Excel, SQL, etc.)
Enable data for ad-hoc reporting, automate current manual data collection and wrangling, in a timely manner (real-time, fast analytics)
Hone development capabilities using various tools to build data assets that enable business value generation
Qualifications
Advanced Excel
Analytical mindset
Be fluent in written and spoken English
Excellent problem-solving skills
Attention to detail and focus on quality
Time management and prioritization of own portfolio of work
Communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to work as a team player and independently on predefined tasks
Self-starter with very high attention to detail, quality and deadlines
We consider it an advantage if you have existing knowledge in any of the following: Alteryx, VBA (macro), SQL, Python
What you will get in return
You can be part of the exciting media sector
Opportunity to develip yourself in BI Tools (Tableau, SQL, SAP BO)
We are dedicated and enthusiastic about our job
You can work in a multicultural environment with a great team
You will get space to work independently, still with the support of senior leaders
Unique and friendly atmosphere
Team building events
And some extras:
Award-winning office
Open, inclusive community
Home-office opportunity
Massage chair
Fruit days
Opportunity to visit taping of locally produced tv-shows
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. Please keep in mind we will only contact the selected candidates.
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
BKV Zrt. -
IT szolgáltatásmenedzser
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Data Scientist
Thyssenkrupp -
Hardver projektvezető
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Projektkoordinátor
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Kábel és hálózatszerelő munkatárs
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
