Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
System Administrator (Budapest)
System Administrator (Budapest)
A hirdetés már lejárt!
Hays Hungary Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
3 - 5 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
angol - felsőfokú
System Administrator
Your new company
Our partner has more than 40 years of research and development in the field of lottery systems made their company a worldwide leading supplier of lottery products.
If you want to
work closely with our customers
support the functional business units and software engineers to administer the customer’s system
enjoy the benefits of multi-shifts work order,
Your new role
Provision / operation of customer’s system 24/7
Current systems upkeep / care / maintenance / upgrades
Analysis and removal of occurring problems according to documentation
Performing backups and restores
Constant communication to involved units and partners
Reporting
What you'll need to succeed
You have solid knowledge of Linux systems, Oracle and Application Servers are advantages
You have experience in IP networking, virtualization and backup systems
Your knowledge of SAN, FC, storage systems is strong
Your work experience with server hardware is confident
You know what ITIL means
You would like to use your excellent English on a daily basis, good German is a plus
You work well under pressure and you are a team player
You want to enjoy the benefits of multi-shift work order (predictable and flexible shifting-plan)
You have minimum of 3 year’s relevant experience – Must have!
Bachelor degree is an advantage
What you'll get in return
Competitive payment package (13. and 14. months salaries, Home Office package)
Cafeteria and Health insurance
Mentoring Program, Trainings
Downtown office, in the heart of Budapest, at the foot of Buda castle (easily accessible by public transport)
Indoor bike and motorcycle storage
Recreation room: table soccer, darts and sauna
Team buildings
Excellent working atmosphere
Open company culture
Economically stable and growing enterprise
Non-conventional domain: lottery and sports games
What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Hálózatépítő
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Cloud System Administrator (REF1564L)
Hays Hungary Kft. -
System Administrator
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Linux System Administrator (REF1610S)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
English and German speaking Linux System Administrator (REF1491J)
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
