Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
DevOps Lead (Debrecen/Budapest) (Magyarország)
DevOps Lead (Debrecen/Budapest) (Magyarország)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
EasyHiring Services Kft.
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
középvezető
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
DevOps Lead
The DevOps lead will be responsible for leading and guiding a team of devops engineers across IST, HU and CST timezones
They must have proven leadership experience and be able to coach and grow their team whilst also being hands on and able to troubleshoot issues, unblock the team and
think about long term vision of the area/what needs to be improved
Our international client is looking for a motivated and dynamic DevOps Lead to join their team.
Our partner is a strategic supplier to all restaurants, deploying in over 120 countries and over 37,500 locations worldwide. They provide software development, testing, deployment and support services for POS (point-of-sale) and related software applications that focus on the overall crew and customer experience, resulting in improved operations in the restaurants.
This role is a leadership role but also hands on - both are required
Must be an expert/have proven high level experience in AWS and all respective components
Must have proven experience and high expertise in terraform and using AWS as a cloud provider. IAC is a must
Strong knowledge in containers and container orchestration. Must be very strong in Kubernetes
Very strong understanding of CI/CD, ideally Jenkins as a tool of choice
Skilled in one or more programming languages such as Python, Ruby etc
Understanding of Java preferable but not mandatory
Thorough understanding of source control, git and trunk based dev
Experience in monitoring and dashboards, ideally new relic
Working knowledge of consul and Vault
Leadership/Softskills:
Able to lead, coach and mentor engineers of various levels of ability
Be comfortable presenting and teaching
Must be able to think about the bigger picture and create a roadmap/vision for
improving the area
International team made of young and dynamic people, who like to keep work-life balance in mind
Remote work opportunity with only a few days a month in the office
Trainings, conferences, language courses, and sport opportunities
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Software Engineering Manager
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
People Lead - Devops (REF1105J)
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Software engineer team lead
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
Head of Team - Hyperscaler (REF1557F)
Randstad Hungary Kft -
DevOps Lead (Debrecen/Budapest)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
