Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Software Engineer in networking Lab enviroment (TC Core/Technik HU) (REF225Q) (Budapest)
Software Engineer in networking Lab enviroment (TC Core/Technik HU) (REF225Q) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Középfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - középfokú
Present in the market under the Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions brand name, IT-Services Hungary (ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group and is the largest ICT employer in Hungary. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team. 
Software Engineer in networking Lab enviroment (TC Core/Technik HU) (REF225Q)
As a Software engineer, we give you the opportunity to experiment with the latest Cisco, Juniper, Huawei, Adtran devices in the design and developing of new networks, reaching a huge Telekom site with cutting edge devices from a distance and using the opportunities in the largest remote laboratory of Deutsche Telekom. 
We have several open positions with the following criterias:
Tasks:
Full definition, preparation (High and low level lab design), follow-up, validation and documentation of test results
Test and measuring devices and lab infrastructure requirements and test automation by scripts
Using of Network Domain Orchestratorrel Automation
Gradual involvement in network planning, Review design documents from Planning or Engineering, modify and improve for lab architecture 
Configuration, customizing, and implementation of customized solutions for projects. 
Analysis of functional and technical requirements for software, platforms, and infrastructure 
Technical support of test projects 
Maintenance of planning and design documentation 
Participation in projects for the whole life cycle of the projects 
Description/Creation/Revision of test cases Automation of test cases Specification of product features environment (Python)
FTTB, BNG based L2/L3 based mass market and individual products (Skills: Gherkin/Cucumber) 
Requirements
Cisco CCNP exam or equivalent knowledge and relevant experience
Juniper exam or experience
Intermediate level English knowledge
Python with framework Django, with modules aiohttp and asyncio
Know-how, and some experience with container orchestration systems like Kubernetes and/ or Docker
Knowledge of data modeling (YANG, XSLT, Swagger) and interface design (JSON, XML, REST, OpenAPI) is desirable
Jira, Gitlab knowhow or relevant experience
CI/CD knowhow
Gherkin and Cucumber knowhow
Java, Javascript knowhow
Basic knowhow about Test Automation Framework (TAF)
Accurate and thorough work, inclination to learn, teamwork 
Json knowhow or relevant experience
SQL database knowhow
Vmware experience
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Medior Java Developer - Technical Support 
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Frontend Software Engineer
EasyHiring Services Kft. -
Python Software Engineer/Modelling Expert
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Software Engineer Front-end
Hays Hungary Kft. -
Embedded Penetration Tester (Ethical Hacker)
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
