Az oldalon történő látogatás során cookie-kat (“sütiket”) használunk. Ezen fájlok információkat szolgáltatnak számunkra a felhasználó oldallátogatási szokásairól, de nem tárolnak személyes információkat.
Rendben
Állások
Keresés
Állásposta
Magazin
Szakmunka
Álláshirdetés-feladás
 Regisztráció ›
 Belépés ›
Cloud Engineer with Containerization skillset (GCP knowledge) (REF1502Z) (Budapest)
Cloud Engineer with Containerization skillset (GCP knowledge) (REF1502Z) (Budapest)
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions
Alapvető elvárások
IT, telekommunikáció
1 - 2 év tapasztalat
beosztott
Felsőfokú végzettség
teljes munkaidő
angol - felsőfokú
The largest ICT employer in Hungary, Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions (formerly IT-Services Hungary, ITSH) is a subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom Group. Established in 2006, the company provides a wide portfolio of IT and telecommunications services with more than 5000 employees. ITSH was awarded with the Best in Educational Cooperation prize by HIPA in 2019, acknowledged as one of the most attractive workplaces by PwC Hungary’s independent survey in 2021 and rewarded with the title of the Most Ethical Multinational Company in 2019. The company continuously develops its four sites in Budapest, Debrecen, Pécs and Szeged and is looking for skilled IT professionals to join its team.
Cloud Engineer with Containerization skillset (GCP knowledge) (REF1502Z)
About us:
​As Cloud Migration Services (CMS) part of T-Systems, we are specializing at accompanying our customers on their Cloud adoption journey. Whether it’s a transition from different Cloud or it’s their first time moving from on premises to Cloud, we are there for them to safely guide them through all stages of their transformation because we understand what it takes to become a part of a digital future with innovative solutions.
Our mission: Shaping the safest, easiest and most efficient transformation to a digitized and cloud-native future together with our customer.
Your Tasks:
Experience working with container build and runtime technologies.
Hands on experience deploying and supporting Kubernetes on at least one IaaS provider.
A deep technical understanding of public cloud technologies and practical experience in public cloud adoption, migration and automation.
Strong hands-on experience in one or more of Containers and Container Orchestration frameworks is an advantage.
Familiarity with application discovery tools and cloud migration software is an asset but not essential.
Understanding of Infrastructure as Code and automation possibilities. (Terraform, ARM templates, Ansible, SaltStack)
Your Profile:
We are looking for someone with an entrepreneurial spirit who is keen to make a positive impact for our customers. You are a team player always ready to learn technologies and ready to support enterprises to adopt public cloud. In addition, you ideally bring the following with you:
2+ years of relevant work experience with public cloud technologies (GCP), with basic certification
English Language (Fluent)
Some experience with Agile tooling and processes (Jira, Kanban, Scrum methodology)
Very high motivation and the ability to thrive in a dynamic environment
General ICT skills (Network, OS, Storage, Database etc.)
Basic Scripting & Coding knowledge (PowerShell, Bash, Python); Oracle
Munkavégzés helye
Budapest, Debrecen, Szeged, Pécs
Jelentkezem az állásra ›
Neked ajánlott állások
Neked ajánlott állások
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Senior Devops Engineer (Debrecen/Budapest)
Deutsche Telekom IT Solutions -
DevOps Engineer
Randstad Hungary Kft -
Devops Engineer
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
HVG Kiadó Zrt. -
.Net fejlesztő
Küldjünk emailt, ha hasonló hirdetés kerül az oldalra?
Ne maradj le egy jó állásról!
Kérem! ›
Állásajánlatok - legnépszerűbb városok
Budapest
Debrecen
Veszprém
Pécs
Szeged
Győr
Kecskemét
Székesfehérvár
Miskolc
Tatabánya
© 2000 - 2023 Jobline | HVG Kiadó Zrt. 
Termékeink
Impresszum
Álláshirdetés-feladás
Adatkezelési tájékoztató
ÁSzF
Post a job
