Jobs by email
TSCNET Services GmbH
Senior IT System Engineer / Senior Data Center Specialist (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
About us
TSCNET Services is a service provider for 16 transmission system operators (TSOs) from 12 European countries. We are one of the leading Regional Coordination Centres (RCCs) in Europe. Our head office is in Munich and we always work with the aim of being a highly efficient service provider for network security analysis and capacity calculations. Our international team consists of people from over 30 countries. We look for knowledge, commitment, openness and creativity and offer an excellent environment for bright minds to do great work.
For our Information Technology team, in our Munich based office, we are looking for a 
Senior IT System Engineer / Senior Data Center Specialist (m/f/d)
We offer you the unique opportunity to experience our IT department at an important transition time and to coordinate our IT infrastructure with your skills and knowledge. This is a key role in a high availability environment, so we are seeking a highly motivated, professional and experienced IT Systems Engineer with good communication skills and confidence. You will develop new processes and procedures, introduce and improve them with us. If you are enthusiastic about upcoming IT topics and passionate about driving them forward, we would be pleased to receive your application!
Your responsibilities
Being an escalation point for 1st/2nd level IT support staff 
Managing IT service providers related to the office environment, servers/storage, hosting, telecommunications, WAN connectivity and applications
Contributing to develop standards, processes and procedures
Contributing to the design of future evolutions of our IT architecture, including our hosted environments
Providing guidance and expert knowledge to our development teams
Managing infrastructure projects - installation, development, maintenance, support and optimisation of key functional areas
Managing an Active Directory domain based on a Windows Server 2022 environment
Managing infrastructure services (DNS, DHCP, print servers, Wi-Fi etc.) in a mixed client environment (Mac OS/Windows)
Managing our VMWare environment, backups etc.
Proactively identify issues or opportunities for improvement.
Maintaining the IT asset inventory and managing hardware lifecycle
Working within our HelpDesk / Ticketing system (JIRA, ServiceNow)
Managing Microsoft 365 platform, including Exchange online, SharePoint Online and OneDrive
Research and implementation of innovative solutions to improve the IT systems
Leading various IT projects
Your qualifications
A passion for IT and a desire to execute positive change
Relevant vocational training or university degree, in the field of IT
Proven (5+ years) IT administration / IT Systems Engineer experience
Excellent knowledge of operating systems (Windows, VMWare)
Excellent knowledge of MS Active Directory and the maintenance of user accounts as well as the management of access rights (incl. GPOs)
Excellent knowledge of IT Networking and basic knowledge of ITIL processes
Good knowledge with Windows based software deployment and management systems (SCCM or similar)
Independent, reliable way of working, high motivation and hands-on mentality
Very good written and spoken English (German is desirable)
Our benefits
Work in a crisis resiliant industry close with European transmission system operators (TSOs)
Attractive compensation
Matching of Pension Scheme contributions
Work Life Balance through flexible working hours and hybrid working model
24/7 hotline to secure Mental Health, Bike Leasing, unlimited coffee and tea and fresh fruits in our kitchen
Individual training opportunities with a fixed training budget
Working IT tools provided by the company including smart phone for private use
Ergonomic workplace
Company events and much more!
Are you interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
TSCNET Services GmbH
Weihenstephaner Straße 9, 81673 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -