Jobs by email
snapADDY GmbH
Webentwickler und -designer m/w/d
Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About snapADDY
snapADDY develops software-as-a-service to digitize the world of sales. With our products, we help companies automatically capture contacts and leads at trade shows and in everyday life. In this way, we reduce the unnecessary and cumbersome work of manually entering contacts and improve data quality in CRM systems. Our software solutions enjoy great popularity and are currently used productively by more than 2.000 customers: from start-ups to medium-sized companies and corporations.
Since its founding in 2015, the company has grown from a start-up to a team with over 70 international employees. In January 2021, we opened our second location in Vulaines-sur-Seine, near Paris. Our mission is to become the world's leading company that automatically keeps CRM systems up to date and provides the best quality way to capture contacts and leads.
Your daily doing will involve
Develop our existing website (based on the CMS Contao, a PHP-based content management system) further
Design and program new, reusable components for our online presence and landing pages
Optimize the website programming with regard to SEO and online marketing measures
Work closely with our marketing and design team
Your profile
Solid experience with HTML5, JavaScript and CSS
Basic knowledge of PHP & Content Management Systems
User-centric mindset, initiative and hands-on mentality
Quick thinking, structured and solution-oriented approach to work
Bonus ability: previous experience with CMS Contao (not a must)
What we can offer
Your own, exciting area of responsibility, which you can significantly advance
The opportunity to work on and optimize our company's website in the long term (no project business)
Excellent development opportunities in an international company
Varied work in a motivated and dynamic team
Free drinks, cereal bar and team events with joint dinners
Regular and free massage offers directly in the office
Work in a strongly growing and successful company with flat hierarchies
State-of-the-art technologies in a top-equipped 750 m² office in Würzburg's city center
The best colleagues in the whole city
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €