Jobs by email
Mercedes-Benz Leasing Deutschland GmbH
Agile Test Manager (f/m/x)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
We are all in for change. - Are you too? The world is changing. The question is, what will be our contribution to the outcome? At Daimler, interdisciplinary teams are developing the mobility of tomorrow. You are very welcome to join them. Together, we will create new connected ways to move around our globe. Think, try, and thrive with us in collaborative work environments that spark game-changing concepts. Innovative solutions by and for the people.
Job-ID: MER0002H36
Tasks
The newly established Mercedes-Benz Leasing GmbH (MBLD) is determined to become THE digital player for leasing at Mercedes-Benz in Germany. You have the chance to shape the IT setup of this innovative new Company on a greenfield.
Your tasks will be:
Ensure the successful delivery of an excellent software solution: The new Contract Management System and its Integration Platform for MBLD
Run a Testing Center of Excellence for the department Operations and IT Leasing
Coordinate test activities with internal and external teams
Select and be responsible for the best tools and approaches for test case management, defect management and test automation
Define and constantly improve an Agile Test Strategy, striving for Continuous Deployment following BDD approach
Be part and shape the DevOps team to establish a reliable, scalable and highly automated systems landscape
Provide the best service for our customers
We offer:
A dynamic, innovative and diverse environment with a clear ambition to drive change
Engagement in the community. We foster your engagement - be it in the form of lectures, workshops, meet ups, hackathons or publications
A large and well-established company network with software and hardware vendors as well as industry analysts and other innovators
You will be involved in the development of innovative solutions and apply new technologies. Our approach is to drive innovation ourselves. You are a part of, and decisively influence, a culture in which development and innovation are at the center
Qualifications
What you bring to the table:
Bachelor of Science / Master of Science in Computer Science or related field required or comparable experience
Several years of test management activities in an agile environment, with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery in place
Experience with Jira, Xray, Behaviour Driven Development (BDD)
You have a track record of successfully testing and delivering software
You worked in agile teams and you know that speed matters
You are interested in creating the best solutions for your customer
Fluency in written and spoken English required
German language is an asset
Nice to haves:
ISTQB Certified Tester - Advanced Level: Test Manager
Practical experience in Continuous Deployment
Experience as a test manager in financial services industry or similar
Additional information:
It is a permanent position.
It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.
We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv@mercedes-benz.com.
If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.
Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Mercedes-Benz Leasing Deutschland GmbH
70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland