Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Senior Engineer (Embedded Systems), WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Summary
Apple engineers have always focused on one person when they build software — the person who will use it. Working in our Software Group (SWE) you’ll see why every Apple product and service feels intuitive and simple, and why every aspect of this group’s work is built around a respect for the customer’s needs.
Join the Wireless Technologies and Ecosystems (WTE) organization and be part of an outstanding team of engineers, working with multi-functional teams to drive innovation and develop products used by millions worldwide. We are looking for a highly reciprocal individual who can excel in a high-paced environment. Be ready to make something extraordinary when you come here. Dynamic, encouraging people and innovative, industry-defining technologies are the norm at Apple. The people who work here have reinvented and defined entire industries with our products and services. The same real passion for innovation also applies to our business practices - strengthening our dedication to leave the world better than we found it. You should join Apple if you want to help deliver the next amazing Apple product. In this role, you will be a key member of our team in Munich defining and working on Platform software design and development team with focus on trace and debug and will be collaborating with Cellular Protocol Stack, RF and other teams
Tasks
You will be part of the Cellular Platform Software Driver Team and be responsible for the architecture, design, and implementation of embedded drivers and tools which allow the debugging and post mortem analysis of software on Apple's most recent wireless SoCs.
You will work with a strong cross functional and inter-cultural organisation and together define and optimise the most advanced debugging and analysis methodologies. You will be responsible for requirements definition, coding and the validation of the solutions you will provide, and we expect you to become a go-to person when it comes to debugging the most challenging bugs at system-wide and component level.
The position requires high level thinking to devise code solutions with low level programming and excellent communications and leadership skills, with the ability to work in a fast paced environment.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Experience in developing embedded real-time software
Fundamental knowledge and understanding of embedded processors and real-time OS concepts
In depth knowledge of embedded systems (core, cache, memory, bus, interrupts, sleep/wake, clock, power control, etc)
Solid knowledge on debugging methodologies (e.g. logging, crash analysis) for real-time embedded systems.
Leadership qualities desirable / previous technical leadership also desirable
Strong experience in developing low level driver software for embedded platforms
Excellent software engineering skills, including driver software design, implementation, validation and debugging
Excellent in C/C++ skills
Strong experience with on target debugging for embedded systems (e.g.: with LLDB or T32)
Experience and familiarity with version control systems like the git, Gerrit, Jenkins trinity.
Additional programming skills preferable with SWIFT and Python
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work in multi-disciplinary teams and to present complex technical topics
Education and Experience
Master in Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Wireless Communications or equivalent majors
Why Apple?
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products. Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements. Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €