Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
(Senior) Audio Quality Engineer (all genders) - in Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 month ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V332
Aufgaben
MBition, Mercedes–Benz is bringing the automotive industry into the future! How?
We are working on a software-defined architecture, that allows us to create state-of-the-art customer functions that span one or more domain controllers with significant processing power. One of these high-performance domain controllers is used for automated driving functions (e.g. automated driving on highways).
We do this in Berlin and Sindelfingen as a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG, which has been perfecting the art of moving people, products and services from A to B for more than 120 years.
With an international team of 500 employees, we want to integrate people who appreciate quality, creativity and teamwork just as much as we do. Together we create passionate technology on exciting topics like: automated and autonomous driving, infotainment systems or mobile APPs. And we need YOU to help us shape the future!
About the role
In the Audio Domain we build the abstraction layer between the audio hardware and infotainment applications. Our goal is to build modern C++ audio APIs that are easy for application developers to integrate, while hiding away complexity imposed by strong real-time requirements, complex audio routing, policy management and prioritization.
As a Senior Quality Engineer (all genders) in an agile team you will be responsible for verification and testing of audio features on real automotive hardware. Together with your team members, you will analyze audio requirements and architecture design in terms of testability.
You will create and implement a testing strategy for the audio domain, which will include test levels from automated end to end testing all the way to external test-houses.
Own quality practices in the domain to align them with the project guidelines;
Define test plans for functional and non-functional requirements
Perform exploratory testing.
Define the requirements for the automated test strategies, take part in the implementation of the test suites and assess the coverage of the software element, integration, system sanity and basic feature tests
Assess and triage the incoming bugs and failed builds to assign them to the responsible teams.
#nextbigthing 
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
Education
Academic degree (BSc/MSc/PhD) in computer science, Information Technology, or a comparable qualification demonstrable through any relevant certification, portfolio, GitHub repositories etc.
Experience 
At least three years of working experience as a test engineer on audio or similar experience.
Programming skills in language such as C++ and Python to be able to review codes written in these languages.
Implementation of automated test suites in Python.
Knowledge of test management tools like Zephyr or XRay.
Nice to have
Experience with Embedded Linux / Yocto
Experience with PulseAudio / ALSA or similar audio frameworks
Experience with audio signal processing algorithms
Experience with in-vehicle infotainment systems
Experience with efficiently managing external test houses
Personal skills
Proficiency in problem solving and can-do attitude
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience
Language skills
Proficient in English. German is a plus.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.