Jobs by email
Travian Games GmbH
IT System Engineer (f/m/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
Travian Games GmbH
Based in Munich, is a world-renowned self-publishing developer of online games. The company offers its customers complex and multi-layered worlds of experience that are distinguished by their gaming depth, guaranteeing long-lasting gaming enjoyment for the players. A motivated team develops and markets online entertainment for all age groups.
Become our IT System Engineer (f/m/d) at Travian Games in our internal IT department to maintain and develop our IT infrastructure and help keep the business running.
At Travian Games, we live and breathe games! We strive to create only the best experiences for our players. In order to achieve this, we not only need developers and game designers, but also people who enable them to do their work. People like you who are interested in the administration and maintenance of a heterogeneous infrastructure. You are the hero who provides server and client support for more than 180 employees all over Germany and sometimes even the world.
As a core member of our Munich based internal IT department, you will work self-reliant in collaboration with your colleagues and other departments.
Quests
Administer and maintain a heterogeneous infrastructure having Linux and Windows Servers with Azure Hybrid infrastructure
Client and server support
Buy and prepare Hardware for our employees
Monitor our infrastructure (proactively)
Software maintenance including image and key distribution as well as update management
Certificate and software management
Automation and further development of our IT infrastructure
Skills
Required Skills:
Open-minded, frank and honest
Several years of experience as IT Administrator or Systems Engineering
Doesn't re-invent the wheel
Experience and knowledge with Powershell
Client support (Windows and Mac)
Experience with AWS and virtualization (HyperV and VMware)
Experience with Windows Server (e.g. Exchange IIS, Active Directory, RDS), Core Server and Cluster as well as Linux server
Basic knowledge of MSSQL, MYSQL
You speak German fluently and are good in English
Desired Qualifications:
Experience with MS 365 – SharePoint, Azure AD
Intune experience, Azure Update Center
Our Commitment To You
Hybrid work: Benefit from our hybrid work policy that supports a mixture of in-office (1x/week) and remote work from any German address! There are four mandatory on-site company events per year, where we work together on self-defined projects and, most importantly, celebrate our successes!
Flexible work: Within our core hours (10 am - 4:30 pm), you decide when and where to work without crunch time. Got little monsters at home? In that case, you'll benefit from our support for childcare and Kita cooperation while you enjoy our attractive Munich headquarters.
Flexible vacation days: You get 30 days of vacation – that’s standard. But here comes the flex. When you see by the end of the year that you need more time off to go skiing – you can take up to 5 more vacation days unpaid. On the other hand, if you prefer fewer days but more money, get up to 5 vacation days paid out.
Work abroad: Want to surf at sunrise and work from your beach apartment? No problem! Up to 90 days per calendar year, you can work abroad in up to 50 countries. Just make sure you've got a stable internet connection. Hello? Oh, you’re offline.
Public transport support: We offer support using public transport throughout Germany. You can choose the “Deutschlandticket” as one of three subsidies or get an advantage via salary conversion for public transport tickets (pay ticket from gross instead of net and save on taxes). 
Make an impact: At Travian Games, you aren’t just a number. You’ll always be working on exciting tasks and meaningful projects. Express your opinions freely, and benefit from our open culture to help shape our games.
Personal development: We want to develop great people just as much as great games. Benefit from our regular in-house and external training to develop yourself personally and professionally. We also offer language classes in German, English, French, and Spanish.
Health and well-being: We've partnered with Wellpass-Qualitrain, where you can choose from 6000 partners in the sports and wellness network throughout Germany. If you pick this as your subsidy option, we’ll pay a huge chunk of the costs. We also have an excellent bike leasing scheme, so you can get a bike of your choosing.
Choose your hardware: Mac or PC, iOS or Android? We've got what you need to help you excel in your craft, and we won’t judge you for what you choose… Probably.
Regular socials and events: The office might look quiet (due to our excellent hybrid work benefit) but don't be alarmed; we still hold social events regularly! Free food and drink on the company!
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Travian Games GmbH
Wilhelm-Wagenfeld-Straße 22, 80807 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Extra day off
Terrace
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.