Jobs by email
ARRI Arnold & Richter Cine Technik GmbH & Co. Betriebs KG
Senior Software Entwickler Architect embedded Linux - UI and business layers *
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
“Inspiring images. Since 1917.” ARRI is a global player within the motion picture industry and consists of the business units Camera Systems, Lighting, Rental, and Solutions. ARRI digital cameras, lenses, lighting, accessories, and many other products and solutions are behind the scenes on professional, often award-winning film productions and high-end studios around the world.
“We trust. We listen. We care. We innovate. We are passionate.” These values can be experienced in everything we do at ARRI. While we endeavor to create the best possible products and services for our clients, our focus also lies in fostering the best possible environment for our colleagues. ARRI is a place where talent can grow and be inspired. Let us write the next chapter in ARRI’s success story together.
Senior Software Entwickler Architect embedded Linux - UI and business layers *
Job description:
Translation of requirements into technically sound solution designs for the "upper layers" of our embedded camera S
Technical guidance and coaching of internal and external developers
Definition, estimation, and execution of technical work packages with the team
Conceptual and technical defintion and implementation of user interface applications using Qt
Close interoperation with Product Management and UX-designers to provide the best experience for our customers
Contributions of to the continuous improvement of the development and release process.
Requirements:
A degree in computer science or a related field of study
More than 5 years proven experience working in embedded Linux application development
Experience in C++ 11/14/17 and in the field of Qt/QML
Routine in dealing with git and experience with code reviews
A very strong ability to communicate and work in a team
A convincing appearance towards the product definition and the implementation teams
Enjoy independent and self-reliant way of working
Excellent knowledge of English- and advanced skills in German language
ARRI offers:
Flexible working hours
30 annual holiday days as well as extra leave for certain occasions
Mobile working depending on workplace
Competitive salary and attractive supplementary services
Company pension
Exciting career development opportunities
Staff events on a regular basis
Corporate Benefits Programme with discount offers
We are looking forward to your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ARRI Arnold & Richter Cine Technik GmbH & Co. Betriebs KG
80539 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.