Jobs by email
alfatraining Bildungszentrum GmbH
(Junior) PHP-Developer (f/m/d)
bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
We are looking for a highly motivated (Junior) PHP-Developer (f/m/d), full-time remote.
alfatraining® is one of Germany's leading training companies in the field of continuing vocational training. The goal of alfatraining is to provide modern professional knowledge and to qualify our participants for the labour market of the future with new technologies. Lifelong learning is fun! We ensure this with a competent team, a pleasant learning and working environment and state-of-the-art technology.
Your Role
You want to develop a feature from conception and planning, through implementation and testing, to code reviews and deployment to staging and production environments? Then come and join us! We are looking for support for various e-commerce projects at alfa®-group. With us you will find team spirit, agile working and know-how and an international team! At alfatraining you will work in a future-oriented, dynamic and innovative company with heart.
Support the redesign of our various corporate websites
Maintenance, servicing and further development of various projects such as company websites, education portal, development of interfaces
Programming and developing of existing or new modules
Working with our existing development team and collaboration with the project management as well as the marketing and design team
Supporting the development teams in terms of code reviews and quality management
Mapping of the complete process from requirements gathering to integration and execution
Your Profil
Successfully completed apprenticeship or degree in computer science, software engineering
First experiences with PHP
Experience with Symfony and a PHP framework e.g. Laravel, Zend or Yii desirable
Interest in e-commerce, databases and Pimcore
Ability to work independently and in a team, reliability and sense of responsibility
Very good knowledge of German and English, both written and spoken
Join the alfatraining®-Team
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
alfatraining Bildungszentrum GmbH
bundesweit, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Incentives & events
Dental care
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.