Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Trainer Cyber Security (f/m/d) - Resilience & Cyber Range
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 hours ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a changemaker (f/m/d) and join our team as Trainer Cyber Security (f/m/d) - Resilience & Cyber Range at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Your task
Your Tasks
You are a trainer in E.ON's CyberRange-e and train and educate grid operators in identifying and responding to cyber attacks on IT and operational technology (OT)
You operate and maintain infrastructure needed to conduct the trainings
You support identifying training needs and develop new course material together with the team
You continuously develop and improve the training methodology
You consult grid operators to support the process of bringing lessons learned from the training into day-to-day operations
You create and develop high-quality reports, evaluations, analyses and presentations
You report regularly to the Cyber Security Resilience team leader and to our customers
Your profile
Your Profile
Successfully completed degree; preferably in the field of (business) information technology, economics, risk and security management or comparable
Relevant professional experience in the energy sector and/or in the area of SCADA/OT and information security or comparable
Knowledge of SCADA/OT security (network, operating systems, databases, programming, server/client in control and instrumentation technology)
Knowledge of Incident Response, Intrusion Detection Tools and Forensic Tools
Preferably additional qualifications (CISA, CISM)
Safe acting in cooperation with third parties (customers, service providers, certifiers, etc.)
Comprehensive experience in project management
Deep understanding and knowledge of operational processes with the ability to identify the relevant interfaces of cyber security resilience processes and to design them effectively and efficiently
Fluent in written and spoken German and English
Our benefits
Our Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
45131 Essen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.