Jobs by email
BioNTech SE
SAP Project Manager* S/4HANA
Mainz
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Become a member of the BioNTech Family!
As a part of our team of more than 4.000 pioneers, you will play a key role in developing solutions for some of the most crucial scientific challenges of our age. Within less than a year, we were able to develop our COVID-19 mRNA vaccine following the highest scientific and ethical standards - writing medical history.
We aim to reduce the suffering of people with life-changing therapies by harnessing the potential of the immune system to develop novel therapies against cancer and infectious diseases. While doing so, we are guided by our three company values: united, innovative, passionate. Get in touch with us if you are looking to be a part of creating hope for a healthy future in many people's lives.
Your tasks
SAP Project Manager* S/4HANA
As part of the iNeST Global Digitalization Project Management team you will lead local SAP S/4HANA implementation projects in GMP manufacturing sites. In detail operational module (I2R, In2Rep, Pl2Pr, S2S) as well as commercial modules (P2P, O2C, F2R) will need to be implemented in close collaboration with the SAP core team and SAP template approach. In your role as project manager, you are leading international matrix teams of up to 30 team members including internal and 3rd party teams (external consultants, implementation partner, etc.).
Your main responsibilities are:
Cross-functional planning, coordination, and monitoring of project progress
Drive multiple interdisciplinary teams to ensure project scope and goals
Establish and ensure efficient communication structures among internal and external project stakeholders and ensure information and content flow between interdisciplinary teams
Contribution to content work and hands-on support of Subject Matter Experts in individual work packages and specific areas
Build, maintain, and manage high performing project teams
Your profile
What you have to offer.
Experienced in working in regulated environment and knowledge in the rollout of SAP S/4HANA system in the regulated industry. Computer System Validation experience would be highly beneficial. SAP S/4HANA knowhow is a plus
Strong technical, analytical, regulatory (GxP) and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations, and drive directions
Experienced in working in highly cross-functional teams and managing different stakeholder level and external partners
Excellent communication and presentation and stakeholder management skills. Very good English skills, written and orally
Fast perception of new knowledge and efficient problem-solving skills with high personal commitment within a matrix and fast paced environment
High proficiency in Project Management and experienced in agile methods
What we offer
Benefits for you.
Company Pension Scheme
Childcare
Jobticket
Company Bike
Leave Account
Fitness Courses
Mobile Office
Special Vacation
... and much more.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BioNTech SE
55131 Mainz, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Home office
Public transport ticket
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.