Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
RF Receiver System Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here!
We have built the best wireless hardware design Team in the world. Are you a talented individual wanting to join our Team as a RF System Engineer? As member of Apple’s Cellular RF System Engineering Team you will do concept work for innovative wireless products used by millions.
Description
As an RF Receiver System Engineer you will be a part of an experienced System Engineering team. We are tasked with driving innovation of cellular transceiver architectures across the whole cellular frequency range. Your work will define the specification of Cellular RF receiver line-ups in close collaboration with a wide team of specialists from the first idea till the final product. You will work closely with platform architects, RF circuit design teams and ultimately drive RF technology innovation to meet the challenges of next generation wireless components. Occasional travel including international may be required.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
3+ years of experience in Cellular RF Systems Engineering
In depth knowledge of receiver architectures from antenna to analog base band processing and converter topologies
Good knowledge of Cellular Radio/3GPP Standards (GSM, UMTS, LTE, LTE-A, 5G NR FR1, 5G NR FR2) which includes RF aspects as well as system use cases
Solid understanding of RF circuit impairments and experience how to calculate their system impact.
Matlab is essential. Experience in an object oriented programming language like C++, Python is a plus
Background in digital signal processing
This role requires strong analytical thinking and the ability to collaborate and communicate in multi-cultural global teams.
Education and Experience
Master’s degree or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent degree with 3+ years of working experience.
Why Apple?
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €