Jobs by email
Regnology Germany GmbH
Software Engineer
Frankfurt, Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
About Regnology
Regnology is a leading international provider of innovative regulatory, risk, and supervisory technology solutions (RegTech, RiskTech, and SupTech), of AEOI and tax reporting products, as well as of services along the Regulatory Value Chain for financial services. Regnology has been a partner for banks and regulators for 25 years. Until the end of 2020, the company was part of BearingPoint group and operated under the name BearingPoint RegTech. Since the sale of the RegTech business to private equity firm Nordic Capital, the company has been independent. In June 2021, the company joined forces with Vizor Software and recently changed its name to Regnology. In total, Regnology serves more than 7,000 financial services firms with reporting solutions. At the same time, the company enables more than 50 regulators and tax authorities on five continents to collect data from 34,000 firms in 60 countries. Regnology has a total workforce of over 770 employees at 17 office locations in 12 countries.
What you’ll do:
As Software Engineer (m/f/d), you will be part of our international and agile Research & Development
Team. While working hands-on with your colleagues, you contribute to our product development (extension, maintenance, and DevOps).
You analyze requirements together with our international technical experts
You are responsible for designing high-performance, service-oriented software architectures and developing software according to agile methods
You will produce reasonable test cases as well as test data and define user stories in terms of the agile software development process while also creating documentation for clients and internal use
Work closely with national and international colleagues of all hierarchy and skill levels within the organization, e. g. Business Analysts, Test System Operators, Architects, etc.
You have the opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally and to share your knowledge with your colleagues in coaching and training sessions
    As Software Engineer (m/f/d), you will be part of our international and agile Research & Development
Team. While working hands-on with your colleagues, you contribute to our product development (extension, maintenance, and DevOps).
You analyze requirements together with our international technical experts
You are responsible for designing high-performance, service-oriented software architectures and developing software according to agile methods
You will produce reasonable test cases as well as test data and define user stories in terms of the agile software development process while also creating documentation for clients and internal use
Work closely with national and international colleagues of all hierarchy and skill levels within the organization, e. g. Business Analysts, Test System Operators, Architects, etc.
You have the opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally and to share your knowledge with your colleagues in coaching and training sessions
      Why we should decide on you:
You have experience in writing software in SQL and Java as well as knowledge of databases
You work with technologies like JVM based languages, Spark, Docker, Kubernetes, various databases, and many more
You are passionate about working internationally in a constantly growing, agile company 
You have a hands-on mentality and think outside the box to effectively integrate your own ideas into the business 
You have a proactive and communicative personality, and use feedback as a basis for optimization 
You have a trusting & responsible mindset and enjoy working in a team
Why you should decide on us:
Let’s grow together – our start-up character enables you to design our future 
We promote remote working and flexible working hours to create a positive work-life balance
We provide you with the opportunity to take on responsibility and participate in international projects  
We offer you a stable job that is not affected by crises
We offer numerous individual and wide-ranging training opportunities, in addition to our buddy-program
We are proud of our positive working atmosphere characterized by a supportive team across different locations and countries and transparent communication across all levels 
Together we're better - meet your colleagues at our numerous team events
We care about body and soul, we offer you numerous benefits such as meal vouchers, free drinks and of course (mental) health initiatives
To get a first impression, we only need your CV (whether German or English) and look forward to meeting you in a (personal/virtual) interview!
Even if do not live in the Frankfurt area, we are looking forward to your application. Thanks to flexible working hours and remote working, we will find a solution that suits you.
Recognizing the benefits of working in diverse teams, we are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of gender, age, nationality, ethnic or social origin, disability, and sexual identity.
Are you interested? Apply now!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.