Jobs by email
snapADDY GmbH
Internetrecherche und Datenpflege m/w/d
Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
About snapADDY
snapADDY develops software-as-a-service to digitize the world of sales. With our products, we help companies automatically capture contacts and leads at trade shows and in everyday life. In this way, we reduce the unnecessary and cumbersome work of manually entering contacts and improve data quality in CRM systems. Our software solutions enjoy great popularity and are currently used productively by more than 2.000 customers: from start-ups to medium-sized companies and corporations.
Since its founding in 2015, the company has grown from a start-up to a team with over 70 international employees. In January 2021, we opened our second location in Vulaines-sur-Seine, near Paris. Our mission is to become the world's leading company that automatically keeps CRM systems up to date and provides the best quality way to capture contacts and leads.
Your daily doing will involve
Researching potential customers for our SaaS solutions
Searching for suitable contacts in the business networks XING & LinkedIn
Optimizing our sales processes and ensuring CRM data quality
Support in the area of business development
Your profile
Careful, structured and analytical way of working
Currently studying business- or communication sciences or related studies
Available for at least 15 hours per week
Very good German and English skills, both written and spoken. Other languages are useful
Optimally experience in sales and the business networks XING/LinkedIn
What we can offer
An exciting field of responsibility, which you can advance significantly
Varied tasks in a motivated and dynamic team
Work in a rapidly growing, successful, and international tech start-up with flat hierarchies
Free drinks, cereal bar and team events with team dinner
Regular and free massage services directly in the office
Working with the latest technologies in a fully-equipped 750 m² office in Würzburg's city center
The best colleagues of the whole city
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner