Jobs by email
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH
IoT DevOps Engineer/Full Stack Developer (m/f/d)
Ulm
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH in Ulm develops digital solutions for the entire Liebherr Group. Our passionate team from the areas of software development, engineering and data science works together on various projects from the whole Liebherr product world. Our mission: creating outstanding digital experiences!
IoT DevOps Engineer/Full Stack Developer (m/f/d)
Job-ID 63278
Tasks
Your responsibilities
Conceptual design, development and operation of our device management tools & infrastructure (Provisioning, Update, Logging, Remote Analysis, ...)
Development and setup of our CI/CD and security infrastructure
Operation & maintenance of our IoT device backend infrastructure (Logging, Tracing, Reporting,...)
Support embedded software development of modern connectivity systems
Integration and development of Test, Code & Security analysis systems & tools
Evaluation and prototyping of the latest tools and trends in software development
Enforce and implement high-class security concepts in systems and products
Support system integration and test in an agile team by close cooperation with internal & external developers
Qualifications
Your qualifications
B.Sc. / M.Sc. Computer Science or comparable and at least 3 years experience in software development
End to End understanding of complex IoT systems (device & backend)
Creation and operation of containers and deployments (e.g. kubernetes, docker, helm charts)
Experience in automation and orchestration (e.g. Ansible, Terraform)
Sound knowledge of various network and encryption protocols & standards
Experience in C/C++ and modern scripting languages and development environments
Knowledge in building embedded Linux systems is a plus (Yocto, ...)
Practical knowledge in continuous delivery and agile methods
Knowledge of the latest software architecture principles and practices
Ability to speak, understand and write German and English fluently
Our offer
An interesting and ambitious role in a successful international company. We offer a secure work environment with a comprehensive benefits package and competitive salary.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Liebherr-Digital Development Center GmbH
Ulm, Deutschland