Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
Engineering Lead OTA (all genders)-In Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V672
Aufgaben
About us
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.
Your Mission
In this position you will be working as an Engineering Lead in the Software Update domain, which enables our platform and applications in their update lifecycle and thereby builds one of the most important and core features of our upcoming infotainment system.
You will work on the development and integration of the software update over the air stack into a production environment
You are the main responsible for delivering a high-quality product and will continuously drive improvement as well as provide transparency on important aspects of the product to all internal and external stakeholders.
You empower and drive all team members to deliver excellence and ensure that all guidelines and regulations have been followed accordingly.
You have an overview of all superordinate topics and you are key to drive the product and product vision forward. 
You enable your colleagues to work efficiently and effectively towards their goal.
You ensure enough resources for the project and take care of getting more resources if necessary.
You are responsible for hiring new talent and making sure to get the right talent on board.
You inspire the team with your innovative solutions for them to fully focus on developing the product further.
You take technically and disciplinarily lead the team and make sure that they can develop themselves.
You continuously collaborate with external stakeholders and provide them with a product status reporting.
Qualifikationen
Your Profile
You hold a degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, electrical engineering or a comparable field.
You have a high degree of expertise and technical understanding for complex software projects and software architecture.
You have clear and open communication approach; you strive to always have objective and justified opinion and treat everyone with respect.
You have product and system oriented mindset with high focus on providing technically correct solutions end-to-end.
You have experience in leading a team of senior developers
You are experienced in embedded software development using C and/or C++.
You have profound knowledge of the automotive and/or infotainment products.
You worked in a large scaled agile environment (Scrum, SAFe).
You are proficient in English, German is a plus.
Personal skills:
You think in a structured and innovative way, enjoy working in a team and have excellent communication skills
You have proven technical leadership skills.
You work completely autonomous and have a self-reliant way of working.
You are proficient in problem solving and supplier management and have the ability to handle multiple competing priorities and tasks in a fast paced environment
You have a high level of flexibility, personal initiative and commitment
Zusätzliche Informationen
Why us? 
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
In our close collaboration with Inklupreneur we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone 
A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building facing the Spree (Berlin Headquarters)
Flexible working hours
Mobility Budget, Healthcare Budget & more benefits 
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:
• Job title and reference number
• Salary expectations
• Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.