Jobs by email
Airbus Group
FCAS2023 Software Integration Engineer (d/f/m)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
A vacancy for a Software Integration Engineer (d/f/m) has arisen within Airbus Defence and Space in Manching.
FCAS - Shaping the future European Air Power
FCAS has the potential to become a future key pillar to secure the sovereignty of Europe, strategically, technologically, and industrially! With Spain joining the Franco-German cooperation, the programme took an important step towards its Europeanization. As FCAS is much more than “just” a new Fighter, but an integrated & combined system-of-systems including existing and future platforms and tools, the programme will integrate a wide range of the Airbus DS portfolio and competencies.
Become part of the presumably most important defence programme of the next decades!
You will be responsible for defining and implementing complex simulation architectures for our next generation aircraft programs.
We develop top notch, high fidelity engineering and training simulations for a variety of aircraft, supporting the entire development life cycle. We are looking for a 'full-stack' integration engineer with a strong background in software development or hardware/software-in-the-loop simulations (HILS/SILS). You will be responsible for integrating, adapting and developing a wide range of simulation components into the Simulation Lab of the Future Combat Air System (FCAS). You will work in an international team at our site in Manching, Germany.
Your main tasks and responsibilities will include:
Analyse existing components and identify how they could be adopted and integrated
Define in close coordination with the simulation architect the architectural layout of simulation sub-systems 
Integrate and test simulation / software components
Define and agree on interfaces with our partner companies
Assist our system engineers in specifying simulation components
Develop simulation software components (from models to tools like code generators) 
Perform integration and acceptance testing
Setup and maintain automated Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines
Create software releases
Ensure traceability between requirements and acceptance tests
We are looking for candidates with the following skills and experience:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a comparable engineering subject
At least 5 years of professional experience 
Extensive experience in software development and integration
Very good C++, C and Python skills
Solid skills in the setup and maintenance of CI/CD Pipelines
Experience in the integration and qualification of complex systems
A strong drive to automate as much as possible
Simulation / Aircraft / Defence Industry experience would be beneficial
English negotiation level, any other language is an asset.
Analytical structured thinking  
Ability to work independently and proactively
Disabled applicants with equal qualifications will be given special consideration.
We offer:
Challenging tasks for/with unique services and products
Pleasant working atmosphere in a professional and international work environment
Comprehensive on-boarding included
Exciting development opportunities and perspectives
Extensive company training offers (eLearning and Classroom Trainings)
Flexible working hours
Compatibility of work and family life
Attractive remuneration
Company Pension Scheme
Good connections to public transport and local parking facilities
Catering facilities on site
This position will require a security clearance or will require being eligible for clearance by the recognized authorities.
  Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Manching, Deutschland