Jobs by email
1&1 Mail & Media
(Lead) Software Developer – Microservices, Java, Spring (f/m/d) - onsite or remote / home office
bundesweit (Home-Office), Karlsruhe
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
With our strong brands GMX, WEB.DE and mail.com and over 42 million active users, we are the leading email and communications platform in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. From this strong market position, services and apps are developed that simplify users' digital lives - from office tools and cloud solutions to personal ID management.
Your tasks
Are you a passionate Software Developer that strives for Software Engineering at a high level? Are you keen to be responsible for a variety of challenging projects as well as the further development of our cloud-native platform strategy? Then we're exactly looking for you!
For our strong brands GMX, WEB.DE and mail.com, we're implementing a vast number of business-critical B2C and B2B applications, which are used by tens of thousands of customers each day, and which contribute significantly to the company's success.
You are responsible for the design and implementation of highly scalable microservices using Java and frameworks like Spring Boot and Spring Cloud.
You support the implementation of platform components to support cloud-native principles such as Service Discovery, Resilience or Observability.
You optimize our CI/CD pipelines by automating all development, QA and deployment activities.
You stay up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies and develop ideas to continuously improve our platform concerning current and future requirements.
You benefit from very good working conditions (e.g. remote work, free choice of hardware, professional tooling) in a technology leading company.
We appreciate
You have completed a technical degree or comparable work experience? You are interested in becoming part of an agile DevOps team and you are looking forward to acting as Lead Developer for your projects? You are showing a "hands-on" work attitude? Then we're looking forward to your application!
You have strong development skills in Java and the Spring Framework (Spring Boot, Spring Cloud).
You are familiar with modern cloud-native architectures and related technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, Gateways or Microservices.
You have practical experience in the automation of CI/CD-processes by using technologies such as Gitlab CI.
You promote a DevOps mindset by acting as a link between teams and designing solutions that meet both Development and Operations requirements.
You have strong communication skills and enjoy technical discussions with your colleagues. At the same time, you are able to win others over to your arguments.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Company pension
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates