Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Software Engineer or Data Engineer (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
As a Software Engineer/Data Engineer, you will support our endeavor for software engineering excellence.
You will contribute to our core environment, support our projects in professional software development and data engineering.
Furthermore, you will shape as well as automate processes and have the opportunity to mentor junior developers.
Moving things forward in a big company is not trivial - but Bosch trusts us to act as a nucleus for renewal. Therefore, you have the chance to use your expertise to shape the future of this division, not only by moving us in the right direction, but also by taking ownership of it.
Proper software engineering/data engineering is a craftsmanship. It requires continuous attention to technical excellence.
You are passionate about continuously growing your skills and supporting your colleagues in improving theirs. You take pride in writing and delivering production grade code.
Last but not least, you like collaborating with various levels of management and technical staff and use your exceptional communication skills to drive solutions.
Your profile
Education: excellent degree (Bachelor/Master/PhD) in Computer Science, Natural Science, Engineering or related discipline
Experience and Knowledge: several years of professional and industry experience as a professional software engineer/data engineer, very strong code writing skills, well versed in two or more general purpose languages, such as Go, Rust, Python or Java, knowledge of how to build, ship, deploy, operate and document software on a production grade level, well trained in building REST based web services, backend APIs and database technologies, able to design, implement and deploy data pipelines, general understanding of machine learning methods and experience developing software in AI or data-centric domains, expertise in agile methods such as TDD, CI, CD and familiar with respective current frameworks, ideally experience with deployment tools such as Docker and Kubernetes
Personality and Working Practice: enthusiastic, motivated to learn, keen to share ideas and knowledge, autonomous, team-oriented, persistent and not afraid to give honest feedback
Enthusiasm: passion for data driven development methods
Languages: fluent in English, written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.