Jobs by email
ZEISS
Software Architect (m/f/d) (HDP)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
As a Software Architect you specify the technical and architectural foundation for a product within our Health Data Ecosystem
You define and align technical integrity, security concepts, and common implementation patterns
Close collaboration with product managers will be essential for a successful product design and development
Your coordination with other architects ensures integrability across the HDP ecosystem and drives technological excellence
Ihr Profil
Education:
Degree in computer science, information technology, (software) engineering, or related field
Work Experience:
Minimum of 3+ years as software developer or architect building digital products from concept to launch
Strong communication skills in software engineering positions
Prior successful working experience in agile organizations is a must
experience in medical software development is a plus
Specific Knowledge:
Cloud software development (Azure), Angular, DevOps, Web-Application development, DICOM, FHIR, REST, Security
Highly flexible and used to international travel, up to 30% international travel
What we offer
  Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
81379 München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.