Jobs by email
Dr. August Oetker Nahrungsmittel KG
IT Inhouse Consultant (m/f/d) Integrated Business Planning
Bielefeld
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
Since our beginnings at Dr. Oetker, we have been breaking new ground. With pizza, cake, and desserts, as well as digital platforms and services - quality and an innovative spirit set us apart.
What awaits you? It's up to you! At. Dr. Oetker, you can actively shape the future - both yours and ours. We want to be part of something bigger. Don't you?
JOIN THE TASTE.
Diese Aufgaben erwarten Dich
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Our IT department sees itself as a consultant and driving force for future-oriented IT technologies and value-creating applications. Working side by side with the departments, it develops a wide range of solutions for the more than 40 Dr. Oetker national companies worldwide. In addition, the IT colleagues provide advice to the departments on harmonizing their business architecture and optimizing their processes, and collaborate on the conception of new business models. The team of around 190 people from 20 countries is thus driving digitization at Dr. Oetker.
Within the Integrated Business Planning (IBP), you will shape the future in the areas Demand, Marketing and Sales Planning, including the S&OP cycle
You will play a key role in shaping the international application rollout from a technical perspective and shaping the Anaplan application team
Together with your colleagues, you will create opportunities to improve our planning processes
In addition, you will work on the upcoming transformation and development of the Anaplan solution and be active in international working groups.
As the system owner of the Anaplan application, you will analyze customer requirements, develop solution approaches and independently carry out implementations as well as necessary trainings.
As part of the international team, you will also assume technical responsibility for 2nd level support for all locations worldwide.
You are the technical coordinator for the international rollouts and you have an interface function between business and IT.
Das bringst Du mit
WHAT YOU BRING
You have a degree in business informatics or a comparable field of study and relevant professional experience in the environment mentioned above.
You have already gained detailed experience in the areas of consulting, process analysis and project management.
You are familiar with the processes in the areas of Demand, Marketing and Sales Planning, including the S&OP process.
You have profound knowledge in the Anaplan platform, and you are ideally familiar with the middleware solution SAP CI (former CI-DS)
Advanced SAP knowledge in BW/4HANA is an advantage.
You bring along a lot of enthusiasm for innovative topics.
Das bieten wir Dir
WHAT WE OFFER YOU
Onboarding for new employees | Further education opportunities (needs-oriented training, target group-specific development programs, language training, individual coaching) | Attractive remuneration with non-tariff benefits | Pension plan | Job ticket | Flexible work models | Mobile work | 30 days of vacation | Special vacation at Christmas & New Year's Eve | Sabbatical | Working in a coworking space (Old town Bielefeld) | Family-run company | Daycare cooperation and vacation programs for children | Excellent employee restaurant | Bicycle parking spaces | Free car parking spaces | Discounts in the Dr. Oetker Shop | Sports, health and fitness offers | Laundry service | Showers for employees | Events and celebrations (e.g. company celebration, children's Christmas party, anniversary celebrations)
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Dr. August Oetker Nahrungsmittel KG
33617 Bielefeld, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Coaching
Company car
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.