Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Functional Safety Manager (f/m/div.)
Bietigheim-Bissingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Bietigheim-Bissingen
Your tasks
As functional safety manager you will ensure that the products of occupant safety systems (OSS) fulfil functional safety. Our products and functions of the OSS product are described in videos below.
You will be the technical leader of a worldwide team specialized in functional safety. This team analysis customer requirements and compare them with internal and legal requirements.
You represent the functional safety of OSS within the Bosch organization.
As the functional safety manager, you ensure that the processes of the OSS organization meet the requirements for functional safety.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in Computer Science, Information Technology, IT-Security, Mathematics or a comparable subject
Personality and Working Practice: analytical and precise way of working, empathic personality with clear goals and entrepreneurial mindset, very good communication skills
Experience and Knowledge: very good knowledge in functional safety, legal requirements and standards such as ISO26262, several years of professional experience in the automotive industry with a focus on software, system development
Languages: very good English and German skills both written and spoken
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Asperger Straße 24, 74321 Bietigheim-Bissingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.