Jobs by email
Airbus Group
FCAS2023 Junior Software Developer (d/f/m)
Manching bei München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
A vacancy for a Junior Software Developer Simulation (d/f/m) has arisen within Airbus Defence and Space in Manching.
FCAS - Shaping the future European Air Power
FCAS has the potential to become a future key pillar to secure the sovereignty of Europe, strategically, technologically, and industrially! With Spain joining the Franco-German cooperation, the programme took an important step towards its Europeanization. As FCAS is much more than “just” a new Fighter, but an integrated & combined system-of-systems including existing and future platforms and tools, the programme will integrate a wide range of the Airbus DS portfolio and competencies.
Become part of the presumably most important defence programme of the next decades!
We develop top notch, high fidelity simulations for a variety of aircraft, supporting the entire development life cycle. We have the technical responsiblity for all our simulators. We design, develop, integrate and deliver complex training & eningeering simulations to our customers. At the core, our simulations are distributed real-time applications. Most of our software is written in C++, but you might also find yourself writing & adopting Python, Ada, Go and OpenGL ocassionally.
You will be responsible for defining and implementing complex simulation architectures for the next generator FCAS Simulations!
Your location
Located about an hour's drive north of Munich, Manching is an up-and-coming market town that offers a wide range of  leisure and cultural activities. Here, you can enjoy the quality of life in the countryside while the pleasures of near-by cities are still within easy reach.
Your benefits
● Attractive salary including holiday pay, Christmas bonus and profit sharing
● 30 days holidays and extra days-off for special occasions
● Excellent upskilling opportunities and great development prospects
● Special benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, public transport subsidy, discounts at local businesses
● On-site-facilities: Medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria, kindergarten nearby
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Your tasks and responsibilities
● Develop simulation models and libraries (C++) representing aircraft equipment and sub-/systems
● Create and perform unit tests of simulation models and modules (C++ / Python)
● Integrate your software into the reference system and into the built infrastructure
● Create tools for improving our development processes (e.g. code generators)
● Perform integration and acceptance testing
Desired skills and qualifications
● Bachelor degree in Computer Science or similar
● Early careers welcome! No professional experience required
● Experience in Software design and development
● Experience in C++, and other programming languages / Frameworks are welcome (Qt / QML, Go, Python, Rust...)
● Solid English skills
Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.
Take your career to a new level and apply online now!
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company's success, reputation and sustainable growth
By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.
At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Airbus Group
Manching, Deutschland