Jobs by email
ZEISS
Manager Digital Business Security – Digital Platform & Ecosystems (m/f/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
Enablement and support of security solution best praxis in platform / ecosystems across ZEISS / SBUs.
Support a careful selection and implementation of security solution and intelligent automation that enable security by design into product platforms & Ecosystems @ speed and @scale.
Defines and enables minimum-security baseline and technical blueprint architectures to include in the smart hardware product platforms and (digital) product ecosystems, such as product key management infrastructure, product identity management solution, cybersecurity risk management solution for product platforms and ecosystems. 
Responsible for all technical cross SBUs capabilities enablement and to ensure best praxis knowledge sharing and standardization.
You define and enable specific metrics to drive action and support compliance objectives.
Enable effective threat modeling/risk assessment at the speed and scale of business value delivery and act as a key technical leader and coach for the Business information security organization.
Report on the Overall status of the Business Information security technical capabilities and on implementation of security in product platform and ecosystems, as well as on their impact on the speed and scale of business value delivery.
You align technical security capabilities with the business stakeholder and enables relevant capabilities (in collaboration with SBUs business owners, BISOs, and relevant CIT-I SMEs).
Ihr Profil
Bachelors’ degree in computer sciences or any related discipline technical IT certification; Certification such as CISSP and/or similar
5+ years of experience in technical architecture and implementation of information security in digital technology (smart devices, cloud, IoT, AI, smart Factory, etc.) or similar experience.
Strong experience in secure digital solution design or development /engineering (SW and HW) in large organization
Strong Secure DevOps development practices, and experience in secure CI/CD pipelines.
Strong expertise with information security in cloud to X connectivity technology and cloud environments such as (Azure, AWS, Google Cloud)
Programming/scripting experience
Knowledge of orchestration platforms
Knowledge in business value delivery processes
Proficiency in the technical aspects of cybersecurity with broad experience across the various domains of information security
Broad understanding of staff education, eLearning, knowledge management
Excellent written and oral communication with multiple levels of leadership involving both business and technical sides of the business
passion for understanding ambiguous, complex problems and driving high-quality, innovative, and robust solutions.
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Stefan Schmid
What we offer
- 
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.