Jobs by email
Bird Home Automation GmbH
App Software Developer (f/m/d)
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
The Bird Home Automation Group, based in Berlin and San Francisco, is a family-run medium-sized company with around 120 employees and Germany's leading manufacturer of IP video door intercoms. We develop and produce in Berlin and sell our products worldwide.
DoorBird is part of the ASSA ABLOY Group. ASSA ABLOY is the world's leading manufacturer and supplier of locking solutions and security systems that meet customers' high demands for security, protection and user-friendliness.
To strengthen our team at the Berlin-Kurfürstendamm location, we are looking for an App Developer (f/m/d) to start as soon as possible.
Your tasks:
Conception, design and further development of our native apps for iOS, Android and web apps.
Communicate with our firmware development team to agree on required interfaces (including REST, SIP, HTTP, RTSP, JSON, etc.)
Implement and test new software components
Your profile:
Completed studies in computer science, informatics or comparable
Several years of practical experience in native app development (iOS [Swift, Objective-C], Android [Java] and Web Apps [React, Java])
You have good English skills, German skills are desirable
With us you expect:
Mobile working (home office) model
Varied and responsible activities in committed teams with exciting projects
Pleasant working atmosphere and an open and family-friendly working environment
Many things that make working life more enjoyable: unlimited drinks and fruit at the workplace, a work bike on request, regular team events, roof terrace and much more.
Close cooperation with experienced experts on globally successful products
A secure job in an established company with an inspiring corporate culture, flat hierarchies and fast decision-making processes
Independent and at the same time team-oriented work in small groups
Future prospects with very good development opportunities
If you are someone who wants to work with modern methods and technologies in a great team then you are exactly right with us!
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bird Home Automation GmbH
Uhlandstraße 165, 10719 Berlin, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Employee discount
Company medical officer
Coaching
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.