Jobs by email
Statista GmbH
Student Assistant Research - APAC (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Einleitung
Statista is one of the world’s leading statistics portals.
As a multiple award-winning innovative digital company, Statista provides customers such as Google, Bloomberg, Forbes, Procter & Gamble, or Porsche with high-quality research & analysis, data intelligence, and content marketing products and services.
With 1100 employees from over 70 nations and 13 subsidiaries in Europe, North America, and Asia, Statista derives its innovative energy from its internationality and diversity.
Statista provides a company culture based around learning by doing and entrepreneurship, offers great career opportunities, and combines the pioneering spirit of a start-up with the stability of an established company.
Your Team
In our Editorial Research Intelligence Department, approximately 200 researchers work on the statistics and topic pages for our different national platforms. Each day, while focusing on their specific fields, our experts research and prepare new data from the world’s most significant sources for our platforms: https://www.statista.com/. 
Ihre Aufgaben
Assisting our editors in expanding statistical content about the Asia Pacific region.
Processing data and writing editorial texts in English, following our editorial style. 
Updating and editing existing statistical content using our content management system. 
Secondary research on key industries in the Asia Pacific region.
Ihr Profil
Enrolled as a full-time student (mandatory).
Interested in finding a job with 15 to 20 hours per week.
Exceptional written and spoken English.
Journalism major or related editorial writing experience is a plus.
Ability to describe complicated data in a concise and understandable manner.
Structured, organized, and independent working style with attention to quality and accuracy.
Wir bieten
Flexibility & home office
Professional development and extensive training offer
Opportunities for personal growth and responsibility
Dynamic, open and international team 
Located directly within Hamburg's city center
Weitere Informationen
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Statista GmbH
Johannes-Brahms-Platz 1, 20355 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.