Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
Camera Hardware – FPGA / FW Prototyping Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
The Camera Hardware team develops cutting edge camera solutions and technologies for Apple’s products, including the iPhone, iPad, MacBooks, and more. The key goal of the team is to enable the world’s best camera experience for our customers. New challenges arise everyday that require the sharp problem-solving skills of talented and smart individuals. The team features a collaborative and hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation. In this role, you will prototype and support development of next-generation Cameras and related systems/technologies for Apple products.
Responsibilities
Work cross-functionally to develop digital control & processing HW architectures for machine vision cameras, sensors & systems
Develop digital designs on FPGA for video streaming, image processing & machine vision
Prototyping of camera sensor architectures
Prototyping software development
Real-time image processing
Support machine vision and machine learning activities
Key Qualifications
- 7+ year experience in digital design, verification, and software programming with system-level architectural development
- Demonstrated background in high-performance image processing
- Extensive experience in digital designs on FPGA or Silicon.
- Experience in algorithm development and signal processing data path design and/or machine learning
- Development experience in embedded systems
- Proficient in Verilog or VHDL, digital design tools, C/C++, scripting
- Multi-disciplinary understanding of EE, CE and Physics principles
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills and solid teamwork spirit
Education and Experience
Master's/PhD in Electrical Engineering, CS/CE or industry experience equivalent
Why Apple?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €