Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
RF Firmware Engineer (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new insights have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Hard-working people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norms here.
Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? Are you ready to be part of a team redefining wireless technology? Join us in Munich to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product.
In this role, you will work with the team to develop the embedded systems for cellular RF transceivers and radio systems. You will work on the design, implementation as well as verification of our real-time control firmware with all aspects of embedded software development. This position requires close collaboration with our system engineers, hardware developers, and system verification/integration engineers.
Tasks
We have built the best wireless hardware design team on the planet. We’re looking for a hardworking individual to join our team. We support WiFi, Bluetooth, NFC, GPS, and new technologies. In this highly visible role, you will be responsible for challenging design and verification topics as a member of a cross-functional team of experts in a leading-edge technical environment. The position opens up the opportunity to gain a broad insight into leading-edge communications products.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Specify, design, and implement the RF firmware architecture of a state-of-the-art mobile wireless communications system.
Develop and optimize the RF sequencing and RF processing algorithms, RF front end and other RF components in a cellular system.
Implement RF device drivers and control software for RF transceivers and RF front end components with detailed timing requirements.
Work with systems, RF silicon designers, and IC designers to define RF transceiver architecture, optimize for power and support software computing requirements.
Work with multi-functional teams to manage dependencies while driving the key Radio features.
Verification of implemented firmware as well as investigations of critical RF issues in a multi-functional HW/FW working environment.
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Excellent skills in low-level programming expertise using C++, C and assembler, Embedded systems proficiency, 32-bit micro-controllers ISR, real-time processing, limited and shared resources
Strong skills in computer architecture, HW/SW co-verification, debugging using RTL simulation and SystemC environments as well as target HW
Knowledge in signal processing is appreciated
Knowledge in mobile communications 2G/3G/4G and preferable in 5G
Quality awareness with the passion to grow a healthy RF system
Strong interests in problem-solving and a demeanor to convince people of own ideas as well as openness toward novel technical directions are required
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering or computer science is required.
Why us?
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €