Jobs by email
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
Manager Business Intelligence & Performance Management (d/f/m)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
At Henkel, you can be a game changer and craft your career. Unleash your entrepreneurial spirit by bringing your ideas to life within a global team. Our leading brands and technologies, along with our high-performing businesses will provide you with countless opportunities to develop your skills and explore new paths. Your career at Henkel will contribute to a more sustainable future, while you grow within our vibrant, diverse culture of trust and belonging. If you're up for challenging the status quo, join our team of pioneers and make your mark on the future with us.
Do you dare to make an impact?
JOB ID: 22040542
YOUR ROLE
Drive our digital transformation in Group Financial Controlling (global Planning, Forecasting & Management Reporting and Cost Category Controlling) 
Lead agile projects as business interface for digital teams for innovative Business Intelligence and Advanced Analytics tools (e.g. Data Science projects in the area of Predictive Analytics and Self-Service Analytics)
Demonstrate entrepreneurial spirit by shaping new ways of working end-to-end from conceptual design to operationalization of new processes
Be responsible as Global Business Product Owner for our Cost Controlling tool in MS Azure Cloud
Work in a cross-divisional international project team and take the role of an innovative group-wide standard setter and knowledge facilitator
YOUR SKILLS
Master degree or similar degree in business-related fields, preferably with a major in Finance, Controlling, or Business Intelligence and Analytics
Experience in Controlling and introducing new BI & Performance Management tools, ideally with 3 -5 years of experience in Consulting
Excellent English communication and presentation skills with strong conceptual & analytical skills
Highly motivated, pro-active and open-minded team player with a growth mindset
Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to gender, origin, culture, mindset, generation, disability, religion and sexual orientation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
40589 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates