Jobs by email
Continental AG
SAP S/4 IT Functional Senior Consultant: Module FI (m/f/diverse)
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
The ContiTech group sector develops and manufactures, for example, cross-material, environmentally friendly and intelligent products and systems for the automotive industry, railway engineering, mining, agriculture and other key industries. Guided by the vision of “smart and sustainable solutions beyond rubber,” the group sector draws on its long-standing knowledge of the industry and materials to open up new business opportunities by combining various materials with electronic components and individual services. 
Job Description
ContiTech, a Group Sector of Continental, is one of the world’s leading suppliers of technical elastomer products and is a specialist in plastics technology. ContiTech develops and produces functional parts, components, and systems for machine and plant engineering, mining, the automotive industry, and other important industries. Our Hanover (Germany) location is seeking a SAP S/4 IT Functional Senior Consultant : Module FI (m/f/diverse) to join our team.
Design and develop solutions aligned with CKU concepts and standards in SAP S4/Hana to fulfill the requirements of the different customers within local, BU and divisional CT.
Design and develop an overall change management process to ensure system integrity and proper testing and business sign-off for all solutions.
Support the business to create a master data concept for the whole Division ContiTech and for all Business Processes within SAP.
Provided necessary feedback to CKU organization on key impacts of master data on SAP configuration.
Partner with CKU and business leaders to design and develop an authorization concept that properly secures necessary data according to company and legal policies.
Serve as IT Functional related consultant to CKU's and business leaders as to the capabilities and efforts for implementation.
Maintain and manage the overall project tasks related to Controlling aligned with the overall project plan.
Manage the external vendor supplied resource related to functional area ensuring quality of work, approval of all solutions, and alignment of solutions to divisional standards.
Qualifications
Academic Degree in Technology or Business Administration
Several years of professional experience in comparable role
Experience in SAP Configuration for Accounting  & Controlling
Business knowledge related to Accounting & Controlling
Basic Knowledge of all related SAP modules
Basic knowledge of ABAP programming language
Leading Self and Interacting with external resources working in the same functional area
Fluent German and English language skills
Intercultural Sensitivity
Willingness to travel worldwide (approx. 20%)
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Vahrenwalder Straße 9, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -