Jobs by email
Saint-Gobain Services Construction Products GmbH
S/4 HANA Process Leader
Aachen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
From my office I bring out the best of my personality and develop digital innovative solutions.
Welcome to Saint-Gobain
"MAKING THE WORLD A BETTER HOME" - that is our purpose. We develop, produce and distribute materials and solutions for the construction sector and various industrial markets with our large brand portfolio in a continuous innovation process. As a global top employer with around 170,000 employees in over 70 countries worldwide, we combine sustainability and performance.
Saint-Gobain Services Construction Products GmbH with its 3 business units Purchasing, Finance, and Information Systems exclusively provides services for Saint-Gobain Group companies.
In line with our strategic plan "Grow & Impact" Saint-Gobain is launching a Business & Digital Transformation Program at European level based on S/4 HANA. The core team, with members from various countries, will be located in Aachen. The program-coordination for Europe will be managed from here.
Be part of this adventure and enrich our team in Aachen as soon as possible as
S/4 HANA Process Leader
for the project area "Finance To Manage". Profound experience (10+ years) in the following SAP modules is required: FI (Finance), CO (Controlling) and ML (Material Ledger).
Your tasks
Design the configuration and customization to meet the business process design, product standard requirements and business best practices
Use the business process requirements to drive out product requirements and metrics
Assist in defining and reviewing requirements for the applications
Validate the design with the business-team to ensure that the design satisfies the requirements
Supervise other S/4 HANA members or developers in completing designs
Participate in quality management reviews to ensure that the application design and related work products satisfy the requirements
Participate to application prototype and conduct conference room pilot to validate the configuration design and explore gap resolution options
Conduct packaged software training for conference room pilot participants
Participate in transitioning the designs to the developers and ensure a clear and complete understanding of the designs
Your Profile
Familiarity with business process design concepts and principles
Knowledge of the functionality provided by S/4 HANA
Ability to transform customer requirements into a workable design at the functional and/or technical levels
Ability to translate functional requirements into technical terms relevant to SAP
Familiarity with Joint Application Design (JAD) session, Conference Room Pilot (CRP), and similar approaches and principles
Deep functional knowledge on SAP, but configuration/development experience is not necessary
Project management skills are a plus
Fluent in English & readiness to travel within Europe
Your Perspective
Versatility - working in an international group that is at the same time characterised by a very entrepreneurial attitude
Health and safety - health measures, fitness offers, company doctor and Employee Assistance Programme (EAP Assist) for mental well-being as well as an employee assistance fund
Personal development and perspectives - tailored to your personal career, personal personnel development programmes, own e-learning platform, access to the Saint-Gobain Academy
Benefits - employee share programme, company pension scheme, access to the discount tool; corporate benefits, JobRad, childcare facilities and much more.
We promote diversity - the promotion of women in management positions is a particular concern of ours.
Sustainability orientation in accordance with our purpose "MAKING THE WORLD A BETTER HOME".
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Saint-Gobain Services Construction Products GmbH
Krefelder Straße 195, 52070 Aachen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -