Jobs by email
Exyte Management GmbH
IT Security Officer (m/f/d)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 hours ago
Show salary
Save
Your vision is ambitious. Just like ours.
Exyte is a global leader in the design, engineering, and delivery of ultra-clean and sustainable facilities for high-tech industries. With cutting-edge expertise developed over more than a century, we serve clients in the sophisticated markets of semiconductors, battery cells, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. Exyte offers a full range of services from consulting to managing the implementation of turnkey solutions with the highest standards in safety and quality to our customers worldwide. We create a better future by enabling key industries to enhance the quality of modern life. In 2021, Exyte generated sales of EUR 4.9 billion with around 7,400 employees worldwide.
Our people are our success. As one of us, you will contribute to engineering excellence for the high-tech markets of the future, including semiconductors, batteries, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and data centers. At Exyte, you will be part of a global community of challenge seekers who are ambitious and passionate about innovation. Together, we will build on our company’s long history and keep on leading the way to a better world.
Discover your exciting role
The role is accountable for the development and monitoring of the IT security at Exyte. The high integration in application and infrastructure management processes as well in architecture design is mandatory.
Explore your tasks and responsibilities
Understand and model business processes to design security concepts during demand management
Support in different IT Projects in the frame of IT-Security (audit) Standards (BAIT, ISO27001, NIST, PS951, ISAE 3000)
Support and execution of IT Audits / Checks (according to internal and external compliance standards)
Develop and maintain the application security during software lifecycle
Develop of technical and organizational check routines on basis of ISO27001 for IT operations
Integration of IT security concept in the architectual design of applications and infrastructure build
Develop, design and support the security monitoring and management of continous improvement of IT infrastructure
Co-ordination of budgets reg. Security (licensing and Operations)
Close co-operation with Enterprise Architects, Application and Infrastructure Management
Show your expertise
Master / Bachelor degree in computer science or similar
7+ years professional experience in security management
Experience in software development process, IT project management
Know how in areas of SAP (R3, S4), Microsoft o365, Autodesk (CAD, BIM360)
Experience in applying ISO 27001
Skills: Problem-solving, Autonomy, Flexibility, Seniority, Communication
English and German fluent
Get more than just a job
Engineer World Changing Facilities
Health & Well-being
Environment of Excellence
Career Growth
Commitment to an Incident-Free Workplace (IFW)
Global Opportunities
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Exyte Management GmbH
Löwentorbogen 9b, 70376 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -