Jobs by email
Telefónica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG
Technical Delivery Lead Mobile App
bundesweit
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
I'm interested
Save
Working anywhere. We work where it is most productive. After a successful application process, we offer you the opportunity to work anywhere in Germany. At Telefónica, we rely on a flexible hybrid model that includes the benefits of both remote work and on-site work. You will be assigned to the nearest Telefónica location based on where you live. We will discuss further details with you during the application process. 
  Who we are 
We are O2 Telefónica - with our mobile brands we connect millions of people and offer our customers mobile freedom in the digital world. As a leading telecommunications provider, we are playing a key role in shaping digitisation in Germany. Our approximately 7,400 employees in Germany drive the transformation forward every day - in our own company as well. 
Telefónica is one of the top employers in Germany and is part of the global telecommunications group Telefónica S.A. with 110,000 committed employees worldwide.   
  Become part of our unique team and let's make a difference together!   
  What to expect
Manage the technical delivery of multiple teams through close co-ordination/co-operation with Business and IT technical leads
Facilitate/lead aligments, requirement gathering and technical solution sessions between the delivery teams
Manage delivery dependencies, issues and risks
Produce regular progress reporting and delivery plans
Update managers and shakeholders across technology ad business on status and aligments
What you bring
A degree in computer science, technology management, information technology, electrical engineering, or in a similar field
Proven experience in project management and in delivering digital projects and products
Experience using a range of agile methods, balancing priorities and dealing with ambiguity
Strong tecnical awareness coupled with sharp analytical skills and problem solving mind-set
Very good experience in tools like JIRA and Confluence
Experience in working in a large, diverse network of internal and external teams and with business stakeholders
Excellent communication, infuencing, negotiation and relationship-building skills; ability to build consesus within and across diverse organization
Knowledge of mobile and/or front-end application development (preffered)
Proficiency in English, German knowege is a plus
Your Benefits
Workplace: Modern and ergonomically equipped offices, as well as an open space and open desk model. 
Communication: A smartphone of your choice for business and private use as well as the possibility to provide for your partner, friends and family via credit is a matter of course for us. 
Catering is taken care of: Free coffee specialties and water are at your disposal at any time as well as a canteen and a cafeteria. 
Individual development: With a continuous training you will reach your goals with us. In addition, with "Beyond" you can also get a taste of other interesting areas by means of job or project rotations.  
Retirement provision: Various models of retirement provision are available to you (e.g. capital-forming benefits, company pension scheme, etc.) 
Social commitment: We are also involved outside the company, you have the opportunity to participate in Telefónica "Volunteering Days" or "Volunteering Holidays", for example. 
Health: Under FEEL GOOD you will find a wide range of offers for your personal health and the compatibility of work and leisure. It ranges from exercise and relaxation programmes, webinars and cooperation projects to a comprehensive range of advice on child and elderly care and psychosocial counselling.
How to apply and what else you should know
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Telefónica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG
bundesweit, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.