Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior SAP SD Consultant - Order-To-Cash (f/m/div.)
Wernau (Neckar)
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Thermotechnik GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Wernau (Neckar)
Your tasks
Within our team you are responsible for the Order-to-Cash (OTC) process management, including the design, harmonization and implementation, with focus on the S/4 HANA Sales Template and its rollout in Germany (among Buderus and Bosch).
Together with the sales organizations you analyze and translate OTC or sales related insights into relevant IT work packages and implement defined work packages with internal development partners.
You consult German sales organizations and business units regarding the integration such as onboarding of new sales or master data processes and applications in a customer oriented, re-usable and supportive manner.
Furthermore, you represent the interface to the DevOps team. Here, you closely collaborate with the SAP ERP team and the external FIS team (including the e-shop based on the FIS Platform).
Last but not least, you are responsible for the active communication, change management and alignment with related stakeholders worldwide in an international team.
Your profile
Education: Bachelor degree in the field of Business Administration, IT or comparable qualifications
Personality and Working Practice: team player, adaptable, open-minded as well as strong presentation and coordination skills, willingness to travel
Experience and Knowledge: several years of experience in consulting, trade or the wholesale industry with a focus on digital technology related to sales areas (Order-to-Cash, Lead-to-Order), relevant IT solution experience in SAP R/3 (Module SD) and SAP S/4 HANA, eCommerce and CRM knowledge is a plus, good project management skills with experience in PM tools, experience in working with cross functional teams in an international environment, knowledge about new digital trends, Bosch Thermotechnik (TT) experience is a plus
Enthusiasm: motivation to learn
Languages: very good in German and English
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Junkersstraße 20-24, 73249 Wernau (Neckar), Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.