Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Internship on the track of randomness for automotive cybersecurity
Abstatt
Internship
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Engineering GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Limited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Abstatt
Your tasks
Good random numbers are critical for most security concepts. The generation and analysis, however, is not trivial in many automotive, embedded systems.
Different sources of entropy that are available in our products shall be identified (accelerators, timers, ...), analyzed, and integrated in the overall system.
For our generic random bit generator framework, the evaluation of different noise sources available in our products has to be done. 
The framework might also be extended by additional features and a test suite might be developed for it.
You will get an overview about our portfolio and you will contribute with your work to further increase security of future projects.
In close coordination with  security management and  product engineering this will provide you the possibility to gain insight in our different product areas.
You will work in Bosch Engineering’s currently expanding cybersecurity team.
Start: 1st April 2023
Time: 6 months
Your profile
Personality: You are self-structured, thorough and team oriented.
Working Practice: You work independently, goal and quality oriented.
Experience and Knowledge: Experience with C and Python needed. 
Enthusiasm: You have fun solving problems at the root by systematic analysis.
Languages: Good German or English skills are required.
Education: You are currently enrolled as a student of information technology, computer engineering, cloud computing, cybersecurity or similar.
Prerequisite for the internship is the matriculation at a university. Please enclose with your application a current certificate of enrollment, study and examination regulations and, if applicable, a valid work and residence permit for Germany.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Allee 1, 74232 Abstatt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.