Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Senior Data Engineer (f/m/d)
Essen, Hannover, Berlin, München, Würzburg, Hamburg, Frankfurt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a change maker (f/m/d) and join our team as Senior Data Engineer (m/f/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT). E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
At E.ON diversity matters. We welcome all people and are convinced that differences make us stronger. Become part of our inclusive and diverse company culture! We want the job to fit your life situation. Therefore, you can choose to apply in full or part-time.
Your task
Responsibilities
Further develop major building blocks of the strategy for Data Migration and Data Integration and Data Modelling, as defining common approaches for data migration, as well as Data Integration standards and solutions
Ensure success of the projects delivery by driving the teams that may include internals, externals, vendors across the globe in "implementing" the data integrations and data migrations spanning across different sources on various technologies and tools, including that of Azure stack
Responsible for defining and applying methods to model/map and execute all activities related to the integration & migration of data across various sources into an organized and unified view
Support the Data Migration / Integration activities by developing Roles and their responsibilities, standards, and guidelines as well as processes
Establish, document and train best practices regarding Data Migration / Integration
Coordinate with the teams on Data Quality, Data Modelling, and metadata management
Support and enable Data Migration / Integration Projects through usage of metadata and standard data models
Collaborate with business units in preparing, defining and executing a migration & integrations plans for various projects, including planning of testing, risk analysis, impact analysis
Develops concepts and business cases for Data Migration / Integration
Your profile
Qualifications
Bachelor / Master Degree in Computer Science, Information Management or IT / equivalent profession
6-10 years of relevant experience in Data Migration, Data Integration, Data Transformations, Data Warehousing, Data Lake (house) as well as Data Modelling
Proven track record in Data Migration or Data Integration projects, programs or departments - involving variety of sources and also including implementation and maintenance experience in mid size to large teams
Experience in data modelling on conceptual, logical and physical level
Should have experience in ETL/Cloud native data integration tools such as Azure Data Factory , Databricks, Pyspark, Talend, or similar tools
Able to work in agile and fast-pace business environments and teams that are spread across the globe and cultures
Ability to quickly familiarize oneself with areas that are not one's own specialty
Combines data-capabilities with strategic thinking and business rationales
Excellent organizational and project management skills
Excellent communication and facilitation skills
Having overview/ keep tracking of industry trends including that of cloud, realtime data ingestions, data consumptions, API, etc.
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.