Jobs by email
Continental AG
Cybersecurity Professional - Rule Management (m/f/divers)
Hannover, Regensburg oder Eschborn
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for the sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company provides safe, efficient, smart and affordable solutions for vehicles, machinery, traffic and transportation. Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion in 2021 and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets. On October 8, 2021, the company celebrated its 150th anniversary.
Job Description
We are looking for you to support our area "Group Functions IT". The position can be staffed at the locations Hanover, Regensburg or Eschborn.
As a "Cybersecurity Professional  - Rule Management (m/f/divers)" your tasks will focus on the following major topics and activities:
Control, Maintain and continuously improve Cybersecurity Management System Management Landscape
Lifecycle Management of Cybersecurity Rule Landscape
Defining, managing, controlling, maintaining, and continuously improving rules, procedures, and processes, considering internal and external requirements.
Managing and evolving the regulatory landscape as an efficient and effective regulatory system for cybersecurity
Implementing controls (for use in audits and assessments) and trainings
Handling of other (daily) tasks like
Identify, develop and assess securtiy controls to reduce risks in IT Services / Projects
Perform sercurity evaluations during the selection phase of It solutions / providers
Support of Cybersecurity Awareness activities (e.g. writing blog posts)
Evaluate and process Cybersecurity exceptions
Participate and represent Cybersecurity in cross-functional groups meetings and councils
Qualifications
Academic degree in information technology, business informatics or comparable
First relevant work experience in a comparable field of activity
Knowledge in Cybersecurity 
Knowledge of IT Architecture, Processes and Service Management (ITIL)
Understanding of business processes
Knowledge of relevant industry standards such as ISO27001, NIST
Effective Business communication skills in German and English, both spoken and written 
Interpersonal and intercultural skills to work with different stakeholders
Communication Skills to effectively communicate information to various target groups
Good (self-)organizational skill
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome
Additional Information
We want our employees to do well with us. That's why we offer them not only an exciting job in an international technology group, but also numerous additional offers such as flexible and hybrid working, sabbaticals and other benefits.
Click here to find out more.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €