Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Cloud Architect (f/m/div.)
Hildesheim
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Hildesheim
Your tasks
You will be able to contribute to two of the most exciting topics in the automotive industry in one job: Automated Driving and Connected Services!
You will participate in developing a scalable cloud environment for creating maps for automated driving.
Your work will include:
Analysis of requirements for the cloud environment together with external customers, internal application teams, and project stakeholders
Definition of complex cloud architectures based on the requirements and secure state-of-the-art public cloud technologies (Microsoft Azure)
Responsibility and technical lead for cloud architectures as sparring partner between application teams and project stakeholders
Planning, coordination, execution, and monitoring of technical integrations of cloud applications into the cloud environment together with the application teams
Regular architecture reviews with respect to optimization potential, maintenance, and operations
Collaboration in coding small Proof-of-concept (PoC) SW components for the cloud solution by respecting state-of-the-art SW development paradigms (testability, re-use, architecture conformity, clean coding)
Your profile
Personality: High level of initiative and strong team spirit           
Working Practice: Willingness for technical lead and sense for responsibility
Experience and Knowledge: 
At least 3 years of professional experience in the field of cloud architecture is required
Strong background and professional experience with public cloud architecture design and cloud technologies
(Microsoft Azure, Containers)
Background and knowledge in cloud security concepts and technologies
"Hands-on" mindset: Willingness to take over smaller coding tasks and participate in coding reviews                    
Qualifications: 
Professional experience with the operation of cloud services in production is a plus
Background as SW developer with coding experience in Python is a plus
Certifications in the field of Microsoft Azure are a plus
Languages: Proficient skills in English are required (speaking and writing), German skills are appreciated
Education: Master/diploma/PhD in the field of computer science, electrical engineering, IT or other related studies, ideally with a focus on cloud computing or big data
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Straße 200, 31139 Hildesheim, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.