Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
STIBO MDM Functional Consultants (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
We are Bosch Digital. Our mission is to shape the digital future of Bosch together with our business divisions. We invent, code and create digital products, services and solutions that spark enthusiasm and improve quality of life. Bosch Digital is home to more than 10,000 unique and diverse talents around the world. Our agile mindset and working culture are a key driver of digital transformation at Bosch and gives both our associates and their ideas room to grow.  
As Stibo STEP Consultant you are developing group wide Master Data Applications. You are consulting internal customers in regards to technical concepts in the area of Master Data
You are coordinating the Implementation of the Stibo STEP Application in the worldwide Bosch System landscape based on your deep Knowledge and long-term experience.
You will take over the Project Management of small or medium IT-(Sub)Projects in an international environment
Collaborate with the other members of the Development Team to understand, design, and implement customer requirements on an end-to-end basis.
Work with the process experts to translate customer requirements into efficient system-supported processes.
Design technical implementation details in close collaboration with the Developers and with focus on overall customer experience.
Align with other Functional Consultants, process experts, and Developers inside and outside of the own Development Team to ensure a consistent procedural and technical application (architecture)
Your profile
Skills/ Qualifications
University Degree (Master/Diploma/PhD) in Information Technology or comparable subjects
Team Player, flexible, able to work independantly, target oriented, feels accountable for the assigned tasks
Technologies Experience:
Strong Functional and Technical knowledge on STIBO-STEP  System.
5+ years of experience on STIBO-STEP End to End Implementations.
exposure and real time experience in STEP Data Model/Configurations, workflow, Business Rules Development, STEP Portal configuration & Match and Making Algorithm.
strong Integration design experience such as STEP to SAP ECC & S/4, Third party systems, reporting, etc (Inbound/Outbound Integration End points).
Strong experience in STEP Asset management system
Strong experience in STEP version Upgrade, STIBO patch deployments, configuration movement between environments.
Strong and real time experience in Data Migration and Integration with downstream systems in STIBO’s STEP tool.
Strong experience in STIBO’s STEP Application installation in Linux
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Wernerstraße 51, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.