Jobs by email
AB Enzymes GmbH
IT Engineer (m/f/d)
Darmstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
About Us
AB Enzymes, as a subsidiary of Associated British Foods, is a leading company in the innovation and production of enzymes worldwide. Operating in the biotechnology industry we are an important partner for customers in the application of food, animal feed and industrial enzymes. With our expertise in the global enzymes business, we help our customers to make their industrial processes more sustainable, environmentally friendly and efficient. Product excellence and innovation are among our key strengths while our passion for science and customer-focused solutions is what drives us.
Our global headquarters are in Darmstadt, Germany with offices and lab spaces. We closely cooperate with our partnering business ROAL Oy in Finland (located north of Helsinki) where our enzymes are being produced and researched. We are striving to leverage our strong growth prospects, state-of-the-art R&D, flat structure, and a thriving and employee-focused culture to bring on board talents who are motivated to contribute to our collective success, develop themselves, and want to make a real difference.
The Role
If you successfully apply for this job, you will join us at an exciting time. With fantastic growth in recent years, we are now working to ensure that this growth can continue for many years. You will be an active member of the Global IT team located in Germany.
You will report to the global IT service delivery manager and your main responsibilities in this role will be: 
Taking care of the daily on-site End-User Computing support together with our central service desk based in the UK
Ensuring quality service delivery for users both in Germany and in regional offices and global ticket management
Owning the local and regional IT infrastructure
Managing projects in the field of IT infrastructure and IT support
Hardware and software IT asset management, including licence management
Procurement of IT equipment
IT-related user communication and training
About You
Bachelor's degree (informatics or similar) or a completed apprenticeship in the IT sector
Service-oriented mindset focused on user experience
First experience in IT support and IT project management
Broad understanding in IT infrastructure and service processes
Result-oriented personality with talent for self-management
Team player with excellent communication skills
Ability to structure work and processes efficiently
Fluent in spoken and written English & German
Why us
A challenging and multifaceted employment opportunity with long-term perspective in a fast-growing leading company in the enzyme industry
An international working environment with the chance to further develop yourself personally and professionally
A progressive, team-oriented management which supports you through open communication and accessibility
A modern, creative and innovative company that achieves success through its people
Competitive compensation and benefits package
The possibility of mobile working
Do we have your attention?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
AB Enzymes GmbH
Feldbergstraße 78, 64293 Darmstadt, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -