Jobs by email
trinamiX GmbH
Project Manager:in PMO (m/f/d)
Ludwigshafen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
RESPONSIBILITIES
In your new role, you will support project leaders and project teams in organizing, planning and executing projects.
You will be responsible for tracking project progress, milestones and resource plans.
You will also prepare decision documents, progress reports and documentation.
You will also be responsible for project status reporting and ensuring the flow of information, and you will prepare reviews and presentations of the results.
Your tasks will also include project management tasks such as schedule control, status updates, KPI tracking, maintenance and further development of the project management system and project documentation.
Last but not least, you will be responsible for the optimization and further development of internal procedures and processes of the interdisciplinary project work
QUALIFICATIONS
Successfully completed studies in the fields of economics, industrial engineering or comparable qualification with a technical and business background
Professional experience in the project management office (PMO) as well as in project management
Ideally knowledge of classical, agile and hybrid project management methods
Experience working with MS Project, Azure DevOps and/or other project management tools
Empathy, strong communication and teamwork skills, as well as a strong customer focus and service understanding
High degree of independence, efficiency and initiative as well as a structured and analytical way of working
Fluency in German and English, both written and spoken
BENEFITS
We combine the agility of a high-tech start-up with the stable cash flow, infrastructure and benefits of a multinational corporation.
An attractive salary based on business success and your individual performance, and working on exciting, revolutionary technologies.
Mobile working, so you can be more flexible and better combine your daily work and personal life.
You will be part of a highly professional, diverse and supportive team with a positive work culture that is at the forefront of technology innovation.
We offer a culture of learning, individualized career paths, feedback sessions, and the opportunity to develop and grow.
ABOUT US
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
trinamiX GmbH
Ludwigshafen, Deutschland