Jobs by email
Deutsche Post AG
Senior Experte (m/w/d) in der Abteilung Tools & Automation Sourcing
Bonn, D-PLZ 52, D-PLZ 53, D-PLZ 54, D-PLZ 55, Deutschland gesamt
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 6 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
What we offer
  Are you interested in playing a significant role to digitize end-2-end procurement processes and shape the future-proof IT landscape for our global sourcing and purchasing colleagues? Are you a motivated, organized person seeking a demanding and rewarding opportunity in a fast-paced environment?  Then the Tools & Automation Sourcing team with the open position as Senior Expert/Project Manager Procurement Digitalization & Data Analytics could be your next stop! Creativity, service excellence, analytical skills and strategic thinking are an integral part in our day to day working environment to explore new tools & technologies, deliver on Masterplan projects and continuously improve and automate our current application landscape.
Our success is not measured in theory, only when we really create value and efficiencies for our colleagues. Therefor it’s obvious to deliver projects on time with also considering holistic management and monitoring of the running operations and continuous improvements of it. Join our international and diverse team in Bonn, Germany team-up with the Tools and Automation Sourcing team for contributing to our Digitalization and Data Analytics Roadmap. We are a team of experts of specific tools, the sourcing and procurement processes and we aim to bring in latest trends and improvement ideas to make the life of our colleagues easier and processes more efficient. In this role you will liaise with business and IT stakeholders to evaluate business requirements and IT capabilities and communicate with a variety of stakeholders.
For the next possible date we are looking for a
  Senior Expert (m/f/d) in the Tools & Automation Sourcing department
Main Tasks:
Act as a Process Champion by analyzing Procurement processes to assess potential for digitization and automation
Define and document business requirements considering local/regional exceptions and deviations.
Develop concepts to put into life the identified opportunities
Explore state of the art and best practice solutions and technologies in the market and within the company and prepare proposals for use cases within procurement
Liaise with internal and external service providers to ensure the design, implementation and maintenance of existing procurement tools and platforms.
Organize/manage roll out and communication of new solutions/tools
Ensure training and support for internal as well as external stakeholders related to automated procurement platforms (such as Procurement Hub, eProcurement suites etc.)
Drive change management activities related to digitalization of procurement processes.
Manage communication related to procurement tools and processes
Ensure continuous data quality improvement and proper tracking
Align with regional teams to ensure proper regional implementation of tools and processes
Ensure compliance to policies and guidelines
Lead and manage Digitalization projects based on agile or waterfall methodology (as needed) 
Leverage knowledge/information/best practice exchange between the regions and encourage standardization.
Act as a catalyst and strengthen the collaboration with the aim of having streamlined transitions between sourcing and purchasing processes
Contribute in development of procurement strategies and provide input for strategic decisions.
Actively manage key stakeholders up to and including Management Level 3
Build strong, trusting cross-functional relationships with key stakeholders
Define well-scoped work packages within agile project management in regards of timelines and risks
Execute risk mitigation and action plans to ensure Build & Run processes are on track (costs, timing, quality)
Service monitoring and reviews with internal and external partners to improve services and SLA
Ensure tools & applications in scope are up to date in regards to security, compliance and business continuity
What we expect from you:
Very good knowledge and experience with Procurement Processes & Tools
Very good knowledge and expertise with Sourcing tools (e.g Jaggaer, Coupa, DocuSign)
Experience within Strategic Sourcing or Tactical Purchasing is a big advantage
Good analytical and conceptualization skills
Good process analysis and optimization skills
Proven record in managing cross-functional projects incl. change management and stakeholder communication on various hierarchies
Ability to make decisions and drive improvements within own area of responsibility
Very high self-motivation and solution-oriented thinking
Excellent communication skills
A very good team player with a high degree of adaptability to different working styles and cultures
‘Can do’ attitude, perseverance and assertiveness in the face of organizational and technological challenges,
Empathy and great skill in convincing specialists and executives
University degree (preferably in business administration, economics, finance, ind.engineering, technology)
Minimum 4-6 years of professional experience, especially in the area of procurement
Good knowledge of English and German (written and spoken)
Very good knowledge of procurement processes (strategic as well as operational)
Sound knowledge of Microsoft Office tools (eg MS Excel, MS Powerpoint, MS Access etc.) and process modelling tools
Digital native and knowledge of additional automation technologies such as RPA, Workflow tools (e.g. Sharepoint, Bizagi), Virtual Assistants is a plus
What we offer you:
Be part of a large, globally leading company!
Further training: Our own Procurement Academy
Flexibility: Flexible working hours and mobile working
Accessibility: Thanks to its central location on the Post Campus, our new office is easy to reach.
and with a job ticket we make commuting easy for you.
International environment
Attractive remuneration and benefits package
  Please do not hesitate to apply online at www.de/jobworld, stating your earliest possible starting date and your salary expectations. We are looking forward to an interview with you!
If you have any questions, please contact Mr. Michael Cramer at the following e-mail address: michael.cramer@dpdhl.com.
We look forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €