Jobs by email
MBition GmbH
3D Engine Integrator (all genders) - Berlin
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
I'm interested
Save
Einleitung
Life is always about becoming… Im Leben geht es darum, sich auf eine Reise zu begeben, um die beste Version unseres zukünftigen Selbst zu werden. Während wir Neues entdecken, stellen wir uns Herausforderungen, meistern sie und wachsen über uns hinaus.
Bewerben Sie sich bei Mercedes-Benz und finden Sie den Aufgabenbereich, in dem Sie Ihre Talente individuell entfalten können. Dabei werden Sie von visionären Kolleginnen und Kollegen unterstützt, die Ihren Pioniergeist teilen. Bei uns einzusteigen bedeutet, Teil eines globalen Teams zu werden, dessen Ziel es ist, die begehrenswertesten Automobile der Welt zu bauen. Together for excellence.
Job-ID: P0142V550
Aufgaben
At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development.
Your Mission 
You will contribute to the development and integration of our first-in-class in-vehicle infotainment system MBUX - using various technologies, frameworks, and interfaces. You are part of the UI enabler team, which is responsible for bringing the MBUX UI to the latest and greatest hardware. The team must ensure UI compatibility with all hardware variants, therefore it gains access to the newest gear, including screens, input devices and other peripherals, first and performs initial bring-up.
In future generations of the infotainment system part of the UI will be rendered using a commercial of-the-shelf 3D game engine. Therefore we are searching for a CI/CD engineer to craft and maintain a CI/CD pipeline that will integrate the engine into our embedded Linux target, and that further provides required tooling, e.g. editors, to our designers and developers.
Tasks:
Delivery of the engine to the Linux image
Setup the Yocto pipeline to integrate the binaries
Setup a testing pipeline for test execution of application code
Automatic testing of the used hardware and the engine
Setup of testing pipeline for the actual hardware
Provision of tooling to designers and developers
Collaboration with the engine vendor
 Qualifikationen
 Education
•    Masters in software engineering, computer science or equivalent degree
Skills:
Experience working on large code bases.
Worked with embedded Linux. General hands-on experience is good; experience with OpenEmbedded/Yocto tooling is best.
Familiarity with game engines, with emphasis on build systems, version control, producing releases, and SDKs.
Experience with embedded hardware constraints, in particular those of embedded graphics systems.
DevOps experience, with an emphasis on CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins. Bonus points for experience in interfacing with Artifactory and GitLab.
ssh / shell / linux / vi / git / adb / cmake and other Unix build systems.
Confluence / JIRA
Communication skills; we are a distributed team utilizing Rocket.Chat, Zoom, and other similar tools. As the UI enablers team, we are the "glue" that brings many other teams together. Being unafraid to work across and with multiple teams in large organizations is a necessity.
 Zusätzliche Informationen
What we offer
A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars
An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz AG
Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"
Agile working methods and open feedback culture
A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree
Flexible working hours
Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more
Interested?
We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:
 Job title and reference number
 Salary expectations
 Earliest start date
You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.