Jobs by email
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Senior Embedded System Architect (m/w/d)
Regensburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Tomorrow is our home.
See how easy it is to explore new ideas at BSH Home Appliances Group: As a leading manufacturer of home appliances, we improve people’s quality of life by thinking in solutions. With our global brands Bosch, Siemens, Gaggenau and Neff as well as our local brands, we explore innovative technologies from voice recognition to artificial intelligence. As we utilize these to create new user experiences, we think, prototype, build – and keep on learning. Join us now and give your career a home.
Senior Embedded System Architect (m/f/d)
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH | Full time |
Regensburg
Your responsibilities
You will be working as part of an agile development team and contributing to the company’s success with your innovative working style. Exciting tasks and projects await you, such as
Ensuring the completeness and coherency of the requirements of the electronic modules with existing blueprint
Guiding Software and Hardware Architects/Developers in the realization of the requirements
Identification of technological gaps in early stage and elaborating potential solutions
Constructing Software and Hardware architectural view of the Electronic System
Documenting the features set the Electronic System must deliver
Your profile
Successfully completed degree in computer science or comparable
Expert about Linux and OS Design, embedded Micro-processor, embedded Micro-controller
Expert about software and system architecture design, connectivity solutions (Wi-Fi, BT, Cellular) and associated software stacks
Knowledgeable about multimedia stack (Audio/Video/Speech) and 3D/2D graphics
Fluent English skills, both written and spoken
Your benefits
Flexible working time schemes and mobile working
Modern and diverse working methods and technologies
Individual development programs, international perspectives and diverse career opportunities
Attractive, employer-funded company pension plan and modern health benefits
Further information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
BSH Hausgeräte Gruppe
Im Gewerbepark B 10, 93059 Regensburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates