Jobs by email
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Strategic Technology Advisor (m/f/d)
EssenEssen, Berlin, Frankfurt am Main, Hamburg, Hannover, München, Würzburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
No cover letter required
Save
About us
E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Full time; Part or Full time
You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?
Then become a change maker (f/m/d) and join our team as Strategic Technology Advisor (m/f/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).
E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON's digital transformation across Europe.
We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.
Your task
Responsibilities
Translate business and technical requirements into an architectural blueprint to achieve business objectives and to drive SAP solution architecture design and analysis work
Govern the full development process for new technologies related projects as a design authority and measure implementation against design
Permanently analyse and test new and innovative technologies in respect to business value and IT capabilities
Create architectural designs to guide and contextualize new technologies for the development across products, services and systems
Work closely with innovation management to ensure new technologies can land sufficiently in E.ON's IT landscape
Assess strategic IT demands in collaboration with the top management targeted new technologies
Facilitate business conversations and moderate the definition of design principles in order to govern and assess the incoming demands
Interface with open source communities and product vendors to understand latest and upcoming product developments and underlying roadmaps
Your profile
Qualifications
Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, system analysis or a related study, or equivalent experience
Profound experience in cloud native software engineering
Several years of experience in early adoption of new technologies
Profound understanding of strategic and emerging technologies, and their practical application
Experience developing architecture designs, implementation strategies, and roadmaps
Experience in the facilitation and moderation of workshops and facilitation between different departments and stakeholders with different requirements
Strong communication skills on all levels and different audiences, ability to multi-task, and thrive in a fast-paced environment
Ability to understand the long-term (big picture) and short-term perspectives of situations
Ability to translate future-state business capabilities and requirements into technology and architecture requirements
Our benefits
Benefits
We provide full flexibility: Do your work from wherever you want in Germany; of course including all our great offices (from Hamburg to Munich). You want even more? Go on workation for up to 20 days per year within Europe.
Recharge your energy: You have 30 holidays per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free days). Your battery still needs charging? You can exchange parts of your salary for more holidays or you take a sabbatical.
Your development: We grow - and we want you to grow with us! We support you with individual trainings and push your personal and professional development to the next level.
We elevate your mobility: From car and bike leasing schemes to job tickets for most of our locations- your way is our way.
We also think ahead: With our company retirements scheme and a great insurance package we take care of your future.
This is by far not all: We are looking forward to speaking with you about further benefits during the recruiting process.
Get in touch
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.