Jobs by email
TÜV SÜD
Global Project Manager HR Digitalization (f/m/d)
München
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 day ago
Save
Seit 1866 gilt unsere Leidenschaft der Technik und der Sicherheit. Innovationen beeinflussen unser Leben in vielfältiger Weise. Für die Sicherheit von Menschen und der Gesellschaft setzen wir uns jeden Tag aufs Neue ein und schaffen Vertrauen in neue Technologien. Wir sind Teil des Fortschritts. Wir beraten, wir prüfen, wir zertifizieren. Wir handeln aus Überzeugung, gestalten schon heute die Welt von morgen – setzen Zeichen. Wir nehmen die Zukunft in die Hand. Wir sind TÜV SÜD – 25.000 Mitarbeitende an weltweit 1.000 Standorten.
Aufgaben
As a member of the SuccessFactors (SF) core project team, you will lead the SuccessFactors implementation over the entire project life cycle (design, build, pilot and rollout) ensuring that the project is delivered in time, budget and quality.
You ensure high level customer satisfaction through a well-coordinated project and utmost transparency across different global and local stakeholders: Business, HR, IT, Controlling, Shared Services, etc.
In close coordination with the relevant stakeholders, you ensure clear project goals and work closely with change management teams
You live project management and its methods, but you also know how to use them pragmatically and understand how to combine agility with classic corporate specifications effectively.
You have a good understanding of E2E HR processes, harmonization and standardization and will use this for leading global alignment discussions.
You have experience in different implementation environments: medium to large companies (preferably in TIC business), complexities of an international organization, diverse system landscapes, process harmonization in a highly decentralized environment, etc.
You have international experience implementing SF and strong understanding of specific country / local requirements, e.g. German works council requirements
You are structured and have a strong focus on team-oriented action.
You know SF related process-oriented approaches and can apply them with regard to a complex integration considering dependencies and implications of a parallel SAP S/4HANA implementation.
Qualifikationen
Successfully completed studies in the field of business management, economics, computer science, business informatics or a comparable field.
Minimum 10 years of experience in global project management, specifically on SuccessFactors implementation-a must have. Willingness to share references for projects completed in this area.
Combined knowledge and practical experience working in S/4 and SuccessFactors environment, knowing how they can work well together. Ideally SAP certified in the areas of SAP SF and S/4HANA.
Practical experience with agile project & process models, ideally paired with relevant certifications, such as B. PMI, PRINCE2, Scrum or IPMA
Experience in an international environment dealing with cultural differences and values.
Independent and solution-oriented way of working as well as a convincing and confident demeanor combined with a pronounced focus on quality, results, and customers
Strong social and communication skills. Communicates in a collaborative way yet knows when to apply assertiveness. Strong influencing skills and well experienced in communicating with the Board and C-Level.
Up to date with the latest innovations in SAP and SuccessFactors environment, especially those that may affect the project.
Willingness to travel internationally as needed for the project (approximately 15-20%).
Fluency in written and spoken English and German
Weitere Informationen
This position is limited to four years.
Was wir bieten:
Attraktive Urlaubsregelung
Attraktives Gehalt
Betriebliches Gesundheitsmanagement
Kantine oder Essenszulage
Flexible Arbeitszeit
Kontakt
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
TÜV SÜD
80539 München, Deutschland
Certificates