Jobs by email
SMS digital GmbH
IT-Cloud & Network Engineer (m/f/d)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Save
Introduction
SMS digital GmbH
SMS digital GmbH is a leading provider of digital solutions in the metal industry. Since 2016 we develop innovative software solutions in the field of cloud computing to push digitalization forward. As a digital subsidiary of SMS group GmbH, the market leader in plant and mechanical engineering, we benefit from state-of-the-art development methods, metallurgical process know-how and technological expertise. Our goal is to optimize the entire value chain sustainable.
Do you want to revolutionize the metal industry with us? Then this is the right place for you.
  IT-Cloud & Network Engineer (m/f/d)
YOU ACT
Design, develop and establish cloud services and architectures (preferably AWS) as well as the implementation and integration into the global IT infrastructure operations
Operation and further development of the "On Premise" and "On Demand" system landscapes for an enterprise-wide service delivery
Taking over second and third level support for the operation of our cloud services based on AWS and Alibaba
Provide solutions across a number of domains as part of our core platform, including monitoring, Kubernetes platform, Infrastructure as Code and CI/CD tooling
Dynamically provisioning compute resources, providing high elasticity, and optimising for cost, while ensuring availability and resiliency
Automating the creation of typical infrastructure dependencies of microservices, such as networks, databases, encryption keys, and object storage
Securing the cloud architectures against unauthorised access and increasing security against the increasing international cyber threats
Engage and collaborate with engineers across the business to understand use-cases, and to define best-practices for use of the infrastructure platform
YOU KNOW
You have successfully completed vocational training, e.g. as Fachinformatiker, an IT specialist or a degree in computer science or a comparable field
Several years’ experience in working with AWS, infrastructure automation and monitoring
Practical experience in operating and troubleshooting Kubernets
Bring in the new technologies and techniques while driving their adoption where appropriate
You are fluent in English (written and spoken), German is a plus
Active participation in a thrilling community of engineers from various backgrounds who are working globally to solve several complex business cases
WE CONVINCE
As an innovative and international employer, we offer you a performance-oriented salary package and the opportunity to achieve the ideal family/work life balance, e.g. with our in-house children's daycare center, flexible working hour models, and homeworking options. Click here to learn more about the benefits of working for SMS digital.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
SMS digital GmbH
Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.