Jobs by email
Riverty
Enterprise Data Architect (m/f/d)
Berlin, Verl, Baden-Baden
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
About Riverty: Who we are
A world where business meets the needs of humanity. Where financial technology makes a difference. Where everyone is in control of their own financial story. At Riverty, we're building it, together. A team of more than 5,000 experts in 13 countries, we're finding smarter, simpler, seamlessly connected ways to manage money. From flexible payments to smarter accounting and debt collection, our holistic solutions empower everyone to live their best financial lives. It's time to enter a new era of economic freedom.
Everything we do, starts with you.
Together with you, we build the most human-centric fintech. We have the ambition to create the next. And - with Bertelsmann - a strong foundation to start from. Let's make it new - for society and for yourself.
We are looking for an
Enterprise Data Architect (m/f/d)
Choose one of our locations globally, with 80% Mobile Office: Berlin, Baden-Baden, Verl
Tasks
What will be your challenge in the role:
You design the architecture of our modern data platform that enables BI, Data Science and Machine Learning.
You formulate techniques for quality data collection to ensure adequacy, accuracy and legitimacy of data.
You develop and promote an actionable roadmap for the architecture vision and collaborate with various development teams to ensure consistent implementation.
You create, improve and maintain our data architectures to create and distribute complex datasets.
You make sure data is separated, secured and meeting local as well as international data security and privacy standards such as GDPR and other.
You define data objects and attributes, data definitions, and RASIC matrix for data creation, access, change, sources of truth.
You create and enforce policies for effective data management.
You ensure digital databases and archives are protected from security breaches and data losses.
You represent the data platform in the architecture and technical communities of our group.
You facilitate exchanges between our development teams, take charge of communicating technical decisions, and drive initiatives to reduce technical bugs.
You support others in the daily use of data systems, actively share your expertise and best practices for the development and operation of our data products and ensure adherence to legal and group security standards.
You continuously look for improvements, increased scalability and automation of manual processes to accelerate consolidation.
Monitor and analyze information and data systems and evaluate their performance to discover ways of enhancing them (new technologies, upgrades etc.).
Profile
What you need to succeed in the role:
You've worked as a data architect or in related roles for at least five years.
You are always up to date with the latest developments in data technologies and architectures, especially in Microsoft Azure.
You have proven hands-on experience in designing, building, and operating a modern data platform for batch and real-time data processing.
You have a solid understanding of the needs and working methods of cross-functional data teams using analytics and artificial intelligence to add business value.
You have a good understanding of data processing compliance requirements and the GDPR. You already have experience with Microsoft Purview for Data Governance.
You have excellent written and verbal communication skills - both in English and German.
You love to collaborate with others and establish information networks.
You have an analytical mindset with problem-solving skills.
We offer
Here we have a few arguments for you! This is why you should join our great workforce!
At Riverty, we offer you modern workplace models with 80% Mobile Office globally. For more flexibility and freedom.
With us, life balance is not just something we claim, but something we live, and you can do the same in many European countries where we are operating. Riverty helps you to arrange your working life in the way that suits you best. Big city or small town? You can choose to work remotely and still stay connected with your team virtually.
And if it gets too quiet at home, you can just drop by our tech hubs in Berlin and Tallinn, or any of our 30 locations across Europe.
At Riverty, we are as diverse as society itself. We have great people from more than 25 different countries around the world - creating the most human-centric fintech together. With us, you can be who you are.
Culture? Easy: Open and at eye level, trust instead of dislike, cooperation instead of lone warriors. You will work in cross-functional, agile, dynamic teams with a start-up spirit. At the same time, you will benefit from all the opportunities within the Bertelsmann Group.
Take time for yourself and your health. With sports and leisure activities we support your wellbeing.
We want to grow together. With trainings from the Riverty Academy and individual training opportunities we support your development.
Because we appreciate what you do. For us. For our customers. Check our many employee discounts. To sweeten your everyday life.
We keep what we promise:
More information on riverty.com/careers. Are you already convinced? Then we look forward to receiving your online application - with just a few clicks.
We look forward to applications from candidates who contribute to the diversity of our company. We relate diversity in particular to the dimensions of cultural or social origin, religion, age, disability, gender and sexual identity.
Company: Riverty Group GmbH
Country: Germany
State/Region: Berlin
City: Berlin
Postal Code: 10623
Job ID: 232581
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Certificates