Jobs by email
KWS Group
(Junior) SAP Business Process Manager (m/f/d) Corn & Sunflower
Einbeck
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Show salary
Save
About KWS
KWS is one of the world’s leading plant breeding companies. With the tradition of family ownership, KWS has operated independently for more than 165 years. It focuses on plant breeding and the production and sale of seed for corn, sugar beet, cereals, potato, rapeseed, sunflowers and vegetables. KWS uses leading-edge plant breeding methods. Around 6.000 employees represent KWS in more than 70 countries.
Your tasks
(Junior) SAP Business Process Manager (m/f/d) Corn & Sunflower
For KWS SAAT SE & Co. KGaA we are looking for an (Junior) SAP Business Process Manager (m/f/d) for our Business Unit Corn & Sunflower as soon as possible. You will be part of our IT department and responsible for the further development of SAP process activities for the Business Unit Corn Europe. The main working location is in Einbeck (Lower Saxony, Germany), furthermore this exciting and diversified position is permanent and full-time.
Your tasks - challenge meets responsibility:
Design, planning, implementation, and control of SAP business processes in the Corn Europe BU.
Management of SAP projects within the BU e.g., implementation S4 Hana, implementation of IBP
SAP Process Owner - especially for the modules SD/MM/TM/WM/PP
Continuous gap analysis to determine the need for system adaptations, enhancements, and trainings
Technical support around EDI and portals
Organization and coordination of user support in sales, production, and logistics (ticket support, roles, and authorizations)
Your profile
Your profile - competence meets personality:
Completed studies (B.A or M.sc) in computer science, business administration, economics with IT background or a comparable degree
First professional experience in above mentioned or related field would be desirable
Good knowledge in SAP, especially in the modules PP / MM and SAP process modeling
Experience in working in complex structures and in an international context
Excellent project management skills across regional and cultural boundaries with the ability to work collaboratively
Very good English skills (written and spoken) are required, German is an advantage
What we offer
Sow your future with KWS:
As a family-owned company, we live the values of team spirit, closeness, trust, independence, and vision
As SAP Business Process Manager (m/f/d), no day will be like the other for you. You and your passion for IT will drive our projects forward.
We create the right conditions for you: attractive compensation, company pension plan, excellent work equipment, subsidized canteen, capital-forming benefits, Christmas and vacation bonuses, as well as flexible hybrid working time models with weekly office presence
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
KWS Group
37574 Einbeck, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Public transport ticket
Terrace
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.