Jobs by email
Döhler Group
S/4HANA ABAP Developer (m/f/d)
Darmstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 days ago
Show salary
Save
Introduction
Are you interested in high-quality, natural, and tasty nutrition? We are! It’s our ambition to shape the future of nutrition.
Döhler is a leading global producer of natural ingredients and solutions for the food, beverage, lifestyle and nutrition industries. We use innovative technology to process plant-based raw materials and enrich products such as lifestyle drinks, cereals, dairy, and confectionery goods for almost every well-known brand. Close to 10.000 dedicated employees in more than 70 countries share one common goal - to ensure that millions of people around the world enjoy the products created by us.
We strive to inspire and empower our employees in everything we do, and we invite you to join our team – together WE BRING IDEAS TO LIFE.
Your Role
As part of our S/4HANA ABAP Development Team, you work on our SAP S4/HANA backend and frontend solutions as well as interfaces by using the latest SAP toolbar.
Your Role
Development of SAP S/4HANA backend, frontend components and interfaces using SAP tools (ABAP, ABAP-OO, Adobe Forms, Smartforms, Fiori, ODATA etc.) 
Close cooperation with SAP Inhouse Consultants 
Design and further development of the SAP S/4HANA template 
You are responsible for the maintenance of existing developments as well as developing new solutions
You work together with colleagues throughout the world on the creation and implementation of a global IT strategy 
As an expert, you look beyond your own nose and identify IT trends and innovations
Your Profile
Bachelor or master degree in (business-)informatics or comparable qualification (study/professional experience) 
At least 3 years of relevant professional experience; Deep knowledge of ABAP, ABAP Objects and Smartforms  
Experiences with design and development of UI5 based applications (e.g. SAPUI5, SAP Fiori, JavaScript) 
Good understanding of different SAP modules would also be helpful 
Autonomous/independent style of work, teamwork and good communication style in German and English 
You like to work analytically, conceptually and with a certain hands-on mentality
Your Benefits
A various and highly responsible field of activities at an innovative company
Flat hierarchies and short decision processes within a family-owned business
A job with freedom for ownership, personal initiatives and an international orientation at our headquarters in Darmstadt
State-of-the-art technologies with a strong focus on digitalization
In-house canteen featuring regional cuisine and changing menus as well as free beverages from our production
Free parking for vehicles and bicycles and funding for the use of public transportation
Employee benefits such as leasing offers, discounts and a company pension plan
Individually-tailored advanced training and personal development options offered by our Döhler Academy
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Döhler Group
Darmstadt, Deutschland