Jobs by email
BestSecret Group
HRIS Manager - Product Manager HR Systems (m/f/d)
Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 hours ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
About BestSecret Group
We are a leading European members-only online destination for premium and luxury off-price fashion. Partnering with over 3,000 international brands, our tech-focused mindset and strong commitment to sustainability drives a truly unique experience for our members. With almost 100 years of experience behind us, and a major tech transformation ahead, BestSecret is scaling at pace to become one of Europe’s most exciting ecommerce players. We are proud to have a diverse team of over 1,700 employees from over 80 countries and are committed to further building out our international team with the very best talent based at our various hubs across Europe.
HRIS MANAGER - PRODUCT MANAGER HR SYSTEMS (M/F/D)
Location: Aschheim bei München, remote / Homeoffice, z.B. Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Leipzig
For our Enterprise Core Systems division, we are looking for an HRIS Manager, who will play a key role in the digitalization and automation of the HR processes and support the setup and development of the HRIS service. You will play an active role in our ECS Team – a multi-faceted job and a secure employment position are awaiting you in an industry that is focused on the future: e‑Commerce!
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Consult and support our business, tech and technology partners in implementation and improvement of HR systems, new HRIS modules and interfaces.
Collaboration with and enabling of business key users, ensuring regional and local needs are taken into consideration e.g. through trainings and workshops.
Establish and maintain comprehensive system documentation, manage release phases and system updates.
You will manage implementation and support our partners.
YOUR QUALIFICATION
Profound practical experience with HR SaaS like SAP SuccessFactors or Workday in combination with a degree in business informatics, computer science or business administration or equal qualification.
Several years of experience as HRIS Inhouse Consultant or IT / Business Consultant, with deep understanding of the HR prosses, HR interfaces and technology.
Know How in change management, process modelling and technical documentation with business process management tools and exposure to large-scale HRIS application integration.
Passion to drive change combined with enthusiasm about technical and conceptual challenges.
Strong communication skills in English and German.
BENEFITS
Become part of our success story and work in an innovative working environment
Individual training for your personal development
Find an environment where you feel comfortable and can develop fully
Great employee discounts for your perfect style
Stay fit and healthy with our corporate memberships at exclusive fitness and wellness clubs in Germany
Attractive salary package and 30 days of vacation
Highly motivated colleagues and a thorough induction phase
Hybrid working gives you a high degree of flexibility
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Dogs allowed
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.