Jobs by email
Olympus Europa SE & Co. KG
Process Analyst (m/f/d)
Hamburg
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 7 hours ago
Show salary
Save
Olympus is passionate about creating customer-driven solutions for the medical, life sciences and industrial equipment industries. For more than 100 years, Olympus has focused on making people’s lives healthier, safer and more fulfilling by helping to detect, prevent and treat disease, furthering scientific research and ensuring public safety. Olympus is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, with more than 30,000 employees worldwide in nearly 40 countries. Olympus Europa, headquartered in Hamburg, Germany, serves the EMEA (Europe, Middle East & Africa) region and employs more than 7,800 people in 21 countries. Apply now!
Your Responsibilities
Join us and be part of a leading MedTech company and a truly Global IT team where over 650 talented professionals, across 5 regions, work collaboratively to provide the best technology solutions that deliver innovation and value to our healthcare industry partners and patients around the world. Being part of Global IT at Olympus means living our vision of leading technology innovation globally to power our company purpose - making people’s lives healthier, safer and more fulfilling. We do this through placing our customers and patients at the heart of everything we do. At Olympus, our people are our greatest asset. We create a place where people can grow, be their best and feel welcome, valued and included.
In summary, enhance the process maturity and improve processes in our global IT organization
Liaise with stakeholders and IT process owners to understand existing processes, identify issues and highlight areas of improvement
Document the findings from interviews with key stakeholders and IT process owners using appropriate business modeling terminology and business process modeling notation (BPMN)
Translate business needs into process models by evaluating IT processes, arriving at realistic estimations and identifying measures to improve productivity
Deploy improvements to existing processes and infrastructures to drive innovation and to ensure that best practice IT processes are in place
Inspect effectiveness of active process improvement initiatives and make useful recommendations
Conduct risk management activities and document risks, threats, vulnerabilities and mitigation actions for future business process improvement within IT
Validate and audit processes across the global IT organization to ensure processes are captured using the standard best practice methodologies
Your Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Business Management or related field (or equivalent and related experience)
Several years of experience as a process analyst designing business processes, preferably within IT
Advanced understanding of IT’s sub-functions, workflows and processes; practical experience in analyzing, documenting and improving processes within IT organizations preferred
Proven portfolio of completed projects
Extensive knowledge of business modeling terminology and business process modeling notation (BPMN)
Demonstrable verbal communication as well as demonstrable organizational skills
Your Benefits
Flexible working hours with up to 60% mobile working
Light notebooks, modern open space offices
Employee restaurant with live-cooking and healthy food (subsidized)
HVV-ProfiTicket (100%) or parking space
Bike leasing
Employee discounts
Sport activities and company gym
Corporate health care and special support (workplace integration management)
Employee assistance program
Free medical check-ups and vaccination offers
Company pension fund
30 vacation days
Company day care
Attractive employee referral program
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Olympus Europa SE & Co. KG
Wendenstraße 20, 20097 Hamburg, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates