Jobs by email
StepStone GmbH
(Senior) Data Scientist (m/f/d)
Bruxelles
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 19 hours ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Introduction
Introduction
We are looking for a talented (Senior) Data Scientist to help us fully leverage machine learning and deep learning models to drive product innovation.
At Stepstone, we develop both innovative products that empower jobseekers in their career development and services that support recruiters to find the best talent for their challenges. As a (Senior) Data Scientist you will design experiments, test hypotheses and build models to support the continuous development of our products for both our candidates and recruiters.
Do you hold advanced analytical skills and think in terms of hypotheses? Do you like to work with large data sets and want to shape the future of online sourcing? Are you eager to take on a big challenge? Then apply now!
Equal opportunities are important to us. We believe that diversity and inclusion at StepStone is critical to our success as a global company so we want to recruit, develop and keep the best talent on the market. We encourage applications from everyone, regardless of your background, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, ethnicity, belief, age, family or parental status, and any other characteristic. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application or interviewing, please let us know.
Your Tasks
Your Work
You will identify, initiate, and drive data science solutions using a smart combination of data technologies and machine learning/AI methods to match job listings with candidates. Together with other data scientists and data engineers you will shape the intelligent eRecruiting infrastructure driving the success of Stepstone.
You will be able to work on various modelling setups in both supervised and unsupervised settings (e.g. AI models, NLP in matching & search, nonlinear regression and classification problems, clustering, time series analysis, optimisation, etc.).
You will take ownership of your projects end-to-end: you will not only build but also be involved in deploying your solutions
You will collaborate closely with business stakeholders, other data scientists and data engineers
You will communicate back your results in a professional and actionable manner
You will mentor and coach actively junior data profiles and share your data science expertise for ongoing projects
Your Profile
Your Profile 
You have a master or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Computer Science, etc.
While we value academic experience, we are specifically looking for candidates who have at least 5 years of industry experience; experience in a Web-based technology company is regarded as a plus
Familiar with Python libraries used for Deep Learning tasks, eg, Tensorflow/Keras/PyTorch and deploy them
Familiar with advanced NLP application with Python, for example, Transformer models, GPT2, and so on
Experience with ML Ops and with technologies like SageMaker, Docker or DVC is a plus
Experience with model deployment through APIs is a plus
You have software development skills, and are familiar with Git
You are a team player who enjoys working in a collaborative, agile environment
You have excellent communication skills with both technical and business audiences
You are fluent in English (the working language)
You are a German native speaker or have very good understanding of German (dataset of model is in German)
Your Benefits
Your team
You will join an International team, located in Berlin, London, Brussels, & Warsaw and become an active part of our larger, international data science and data engineering community.
We have backgrounds in different quantitative disciplines and share the conviction that the right combination of data, technology and smart algorithms is key and we all share one passion: to apply our expertise to improve e-recruiting.
We are highly innovative, with an excellent track record of delivery. It's important for us to both have the freedom to explore ideas and to bring those ideas to life within a product.
  Our Values 
People - Building a company with diverse teams where talent from different backgrounds and culture can contribute, thrive, and flourish.
Integrity - Being uncompromising and consistent in our commitment to integrity.
Results - Driving results for everyone – happy employees, happy customers, happy candidates and happy shareholders.
Our environment
StepStone is a company with clear goals and visions. We focus on growth through innovative solutions, service quality, and qualified employees.
From the very first day at StepStone you will be welcomed and supported by a cooperative team.
Become a member of the data scientist chapter community to help you reach your goals with a personal career plan and trainings.
Participate in workshops dedicated to innovation: get familiar with a new technology or try out a new idea!
Join a dynamic workplace with flat structures, direct communication on first name basis from trainee to CEO, short distances, helpful and engaged colleagues and flexible working hours.
Work in modern and attractive offices or from home.
 Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Our Location
Open map
StepStone GmbH
Rue aux Laines 70, 1000 Bruxelles, Belgien
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company car
Public transport ticket
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates