Jobs by email
TESEDI GmbH
Sales Operation Manager (m/w/d)
Be an early applicant
Böblingen
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
The Annuity Management Group, specialises in the life cycle management of recurring revenues. Our services and expertise offers technology manufacturers and their channel partners the opportunity to break new ground in the optimization and management of their recurring revenues from maintenance, licensing or service businesses. Driven by advanced technology, data analytics and experienced service sales experts, we increase sales and income from your service revenue business.
Tesedi GmbH offers IT resellers an innovative and highly specialised complete solution for the management of service agreements of HPE, Aruba, Nimble Storage, HP Inc., and Micro Focus. In addition, we simplify the administration of maintenance contracts for you across several countries
The main tasks & responsibilities include:
The Tesedi Sales Operations Manager is responsible for developing and overseeing a smooth and effective sales process to enable growth and international expansion. The goal is to leverage our software tools to increase automation and make the sales process more efficient and intuitive, so our Account Managers can be successful. The Sales Operations Manager has a distinct level of service-orientation, supporting our Account Managers in their daily quoting and selling activities. The willingness to learn and attention to detail to understand sales and quoting processes, software systems, and go-to-market initiatives are key to succeed in this role.
Streamlining and optimizing the sales process end-to-end
Evaluate the performance of the existing sales process and suggest improvements
Analyze sales performance data and existing processes to make sound recommendations for how to improve funnel performance
Identify any issues that could impact sales velocity, propose and implement solutions for improvement
Liaise with stakeholders across other departments, including Finance & Controlling, Marketing, and IT, ensuring the endto-end sales processes remain consistent
Implementing and managing sales tools
Manage the major sales tools in place (iAsset and Pipeliner CRM)
Ensure all sales tools and applications are up to date, audit data for consistency, setup automations
Manage the implementation of new features on existing systems
Additionally, evaluate and suggest new tools the company might need in the future
Supporting and training sales and business users
Ensure the sales team has the tools and features they need to succeed by evaluating usage and capability of the one in place and seek for optimization
Train the key users, in charge of the 1st level support.
Provide system administration and 2nd level support
Skills
Business Acumen
High degree of service-orientation and attention to detail
Willingness to learn and develop
Organizational and project management skills
Analytics and reporting expertise
General understanding and interest in CRM and database software
Experience with ERP or Financial Systems
Cross functional project management experience
Education
Bachelor degree in sales and/or engineering
Further Education
Additional training/education in process optimization, digitalization, project management will be advantageous
Languages
German – Mother tongue
English – Bilingual / Fluent
French – would be an asset
Personality
Service-oriented, independent, team- and customer-oriented. Perseverance in the execution of tasks. Well organized, reliable and assertive. Willingness to travel for work. High IT affinity. Ability to share its expertise
Work experience
Several years of professional experience in sales operations roles, change/digitalization projects or project management tasks. Specialized experience in the IT channel is advantageous.
You feel addressed?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
TESEDI GmbH
Otto-Lilienthal-Str. 36, 71034 Böblingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -