Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
IBM Planning Analytics Developer (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
As IBM Planning Analytics Developer you will work in an agile DevOps team developing and operating IBM Planning Analytics platform. 
Within your scope of responsibility lies partaking in creating insightful Cubes, Reports and Dashboards in IBM Planning Analytics.
We live agile values so that you can optimally contribute your ideas and experiences for the benefit of the team and the company.
You will experience the start-up spirit with us and make your contribution through entrepreneurial thinking and acting as a leading in-house provider for planning and analytics based on integrated data within Bosch.
Furthermore, you will work in an interdisciplinary and international team supported by internal and external service providers as well as in direct exchange with our internal customers. 
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (bachelor's degree/diploma/PhD) in (business) informatics, physics, business administration or a comparable subject
Personality: team player, committed, responsible, flexible
Working Practice: agile, analytical, proactive, result and solution-oriented, strong affinity for optimizing UX
Experience: more than three years of professional experience in IBM Planning Analytics / TM1; experience in handling agile working methods and processes; experience with accounting and controlling processes is helpful
Knowledge: very good knowledge of TM1, including TI processes, rules and feeders; Planning Analytics Workspace; Planning Analytics for Excel; good understanding of SQL and Azure DevOps (as Build & Release & Backlog tool) is desirable
Enthusiasm: passion for data and its corresponding insights, modelling planning applications; developing interdisciplinary approaches and products for customers; presenting complex issues in a simple manner
Languages: very good communication skills in written and spoken English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Borsigstraße 4, 70469 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.