Jobs by email
Caceis Bank S.A., Germany Branch
IAM Project Manager (m/w/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Save
Who we are!
CACEIS Bank, S.A., Germany Branch, is the German branch of CACEIS Bank S.A., which is fully owned by the Crédit Agricole Group.
At CACEIS, we have specialized entirely in services relating to the settlement of securities transactions as well as transactions in real assets. Therefore, CACEIS is primarily known as a fund administrator, depositary and custodian and is one of the largest institutions of its kind in Germany. In addition to these functions, CACEIS is also connected to many important European securities trading markets as a General Clearing Member - here we provide equity cash clearing services.
Institutional clients in particular use our services - sometimes for many years. These include asset managers, insurance companies, pension funds, banks and broker-dealers.
Apply at CACEIS and not only give your career exceptional prospects, but also become part of one of the largest banking groups in Europe, Crédit Agricole Group!
Responsible tasks that bring you forward!
As Identity & Access Management Project Manager you are responsible for the maintenance and development of the IAM framework. Together with the IAM team, you develop and control process-oriented solutions in the Bank. You have main responsibilities in the following areas:
Taking care of the continuous further development of the necessary processes, specifications and guidelines
Working in a team to manage and administrate access rights requests within several applications
Implementing new solutions coming from regulatory and business requirements
Responsibility for implementing and performing controls as well as ensuring compliance with IAM processes
Accompanying internal and external audits on IAM topics
Acting as first and main counterpart (Single point of contact) for Caceis business and giving them advise for best solutions and practices.
You are a perfect match!
Bachelor degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Engineering, or similar education
Experience in IT or Computer Science at least 3-5 years
Education in IT, Computer Science, or equivalent
At least 3 years’ experience of working in a comparable professional area
Knowledge of relevant IT security frameworks (e.g. ISO 27001) and financial requirements (e.g. BAIT) is a plus
High moderation and coordination capabilities
Basic business knowledge in banking area
Fundamental knowledge in IT frameworks, e.g. ITIL, Prince2, CoBit, Scrum
Good knowledge of Microsoft Office
Business fluent in written and spoken English
Why you should start with us!
Flexible working hours, a friendly working atmosphere and active collegiality are not just empty words for us - it is our culture. Internationality is part of our DNA. Money is important and that is why we pay you very well! Additional benefits such as pension contributions, childcare, our canteen and nationwide access to fitness studios are a matter of course for us.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Caceis Bank S.A., Germany Branch
Lilienthalallee 36, 80939 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -