Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Senior Android Developer (w/m/div.) eBike Systems
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 4 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
In the eBike Systems business unit, we develop innovative products and services that make eBiking even more fascinating - from highly efficient drive systems over the first series-produced ABS for pedelecs to smart connectivity solutions. For sustainable mobility that's fun.
As a Senior Android Developer you will design and build advanced app functionalities for the Android platform.
In addition, you will write the test code (especially unit tests) to ensure robustness, improve usability and performance.
You will be part of the future of cycling and help create outstanding mobile offerings.
Furthermore, you will contribute your ideas to define the mobility of the future and turn these ideas into reality.
Moreover, you take responsibility for the modules you develop and strive for continuous improvement of the same.
You'll work with cross-functional teams to define, design, and deliver new features that cyclists love.
Working as part of a team of developers, designers, researchers, and marketers focused on building, scaling, and operating high-quality digital services in the context of cycling is also part of your role.
Last but not least, you will continuously discover, evaluate and implement new technologies to maximize development and testing efficiency.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (bachelor's degree/diploma/PhD) in Computer Science, Mathematics or a comparable subject
Personality and Working Practice: agile, self-motivated, self-organized, team player
Knowledge: full proficiency in Kotlin; Strong understanding about Android SDK, knowing how to use which API to build optimal apps in terms of runtime performance and memory management
Experience: with MVVM/MVP, Clean Architecture and Android Jetpack; experience with building adaptive layouts, fluid UI animations and custom views; experience with writing maintainable and readable unit tests
Qualifications: good problem-solving skills and the ability to navigate complex situations as well as the ability to conduct nice, respectful, constructive yet efficient code reviews
Enthusiasm: love writing clean code while still being able to understand the need of moving fast
Languages: very good communication skills in written and spoken English 
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Markwiesenstraße 58 58, 72770 Kusterdingen, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.