Jobs by email
TRATON SE
Specialist HR Processes & HR IT (m/f/d)
Munich
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
Save
About TRATON
With its brands Scania, MAN, Volkswagen Truck & Bus, Navistar, and RIO, TRATON SE is one of the world's leading commercial vehicle manufacturers. Its offering comprises light-duty commercial vehicles, trucks, and buses. The Group aims to reinvent transportation - with its products, its services, and as a partner to its customers. For TRATON, sustainable economic growth always includes treating people and nature with respect. The People, Planet, and Performance triad will shape the future of our Company.
Pluralism & Inclusion is big part of our identity therefore all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability or age.
Job Description
/ Independent management of projects in operational HR (e.g. introduction of new pay group structure according to ERA, document management, certificate generator, etc.)
/ Evaluation, optimization, and redesign of HR core processes along the employee lifecycle, incl. picking up on current HR trends and implementing them in new, customer-oriented processes
/ Contact person between department, IT and external service providers as well as assumption of the HR IT key user function for the HR department
/ Support function for the HR IT department in HR IT projects, interface between the operational HR department and HR IT as well as the IT department of the holding company
/ Execution of preparatory measures for the HR core processes, e.g. of the annual remuneration rounds (tariff and management), performance management, vacation planning as well as preparation of statistics/evaluations
/ Control of the HR form and contract system and the associated checklists for the HR core processes from entry to exit
/ Responsibility for the internal control system (ICS audits)
Your Skills
/ Successfully completed university studies (economics, business informatics or comparable studies).
/ At least 5 years of professional experience in the operational HR department of an industrial company and at least 3 years of professional experience in process design and the implementation of processes in IT systems
/ Very good knowledge in the design of HR processes and their mapping
/ Extensive project management experience of process & HR IT projects; existing project management certification advantageous
/ Very good knowledge of SAP SuccessFactors as well as SAP HCM
/ Very good knowledge of German and good knowledge of English skills, both written and spoken
/ Independent and solution-oriented way of working
We Offer
/ Very good salary package according to IG Metall tariff including Christmas & vacation allowance
/ Attractive company benefits e.g., discounted Urban Sports Club memberships and DB Job Ticket
/ International working environment
/ Flexible working hours
/ Hybrid working
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
TRATON SE
80992 München, Deutschland