Jobs by email
ASMPT GmbH & Co. KG
Service Owner - Global Network (m/f/d)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 3 days ago
Show salary
Save
ENABLING THE DIGITAL WORLD
Welcome to ASMPT. Here you are on a direct route to the digital age. With 12,000 employees worldwide, we are a technological process partner for the electronics industry and have our finger on the pulse of innovative automation strategies.
Thanks to our smart solutions, our passionate teams continuously challenge the technical status quo, thereby setting new standards for the production of smartphones, computers, networks, autonomous vehicles, smart machines and cutting-edge medical and energy technology.
The journey to create the Integrated Smart Factory can only be made with passion and curious professionals like you. Join us and you will also benefit from a corporate culture in which your ideas are not only given room to flourish and are appreciated, they also become optimum solutions.
You will feel this every day in your professional life.
Shape the electronics manufacturing and automation trends of the future as
Service Owner – Global Network (m/f/d)
The ASMPT team is looking to immediately fill the following position at its Munich location!
Your responsibilities include:
You are responsible for a complex network infrastructure based on Cisco/HP/Aruba network solutions and technologies at our global locations worldwide
You ensure that our network meets all availability and performance requirements to guarantee a high degree of uninterrupted, smooth operation
You show us where the journey is going: as a service owner, you develop technology roadmaps and architectures that ensure future availability, security and capacity requirements are met
You will work in a global IT infrastructure team as well as with external service providers to make your vision for the future of the ASMPT network a reality
Your qualifications:
You have an (university) degree in the IT field or a comparable qualification
You have at least five years of professional experience in maintaining and designing globally distributed Cisco/HPE/Aruba based networks
You are willing to obtain deep technical knowledge in HPE networking technologies like ClearPass, Mobility Master, Aruba CX and similar
You are communicative, a team player and can confidently present technical content on both a technical and decision maker level
You have a hands-on mentality as well as experience in international collaboration and the management of external service providers
Your benefits of working with us:
Attractive salary in line with the collective agreement for the Bavarian metal and electrical industry with Christmas and holiday bonuses
Company pension scheme and bonus payments for corporate successes
Flexible working time models with a home office option
 35 hours regular weekly working time and 30 days holiday
Canteen allowance (at the Munich site)
Central city centre location with free parking and good transport links (car, bus, underground and suburban railway).
Family-friendly attitude, e.g. own childcare facility at the Munich site
Regular employee events
Appreciative cooperation with a strong sense of cohesion, an open culture of discussion and a working atmosphere where you will feel like you are part of a family
Health promotion
Attractive corporate benefits
Sie sind am liebsten schon heute dabei?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
ASMPT GmbH & Co. KG
Rupert-Mayer-Str. 44, 81379 München, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -