Jobs by email
Continental AG
IT Consultant Digital Manufacturing - Process & Tooling Specification Management (m/f/d) REF9300L
Hannover
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 day ago
No cover letter required
Easy apply
Save
Company Description
Continental develops pioneering technologies and services for sustainable and connected mobility of people and their goods. Founded in 1871, the technology company offers safe, efficient, intelligent and affordable solutions for vehicles, machines, traffic and transportation. In 2021, Continental generated sales of €33.8 billion and currently employs more than 190,000 people in 58 countries and markets.
Job Description
Continental’s digital capabilities are growing every day. Our Tires Manufacturing IT Competence Center drives the digitization of our tire plant’s processes – and we want you to join us!
We analyze business requirements and transform them into the latest digital processes and systems. This enables Continental’s Tire business to continuously improve production performance and quality results in order to meet customer requirements.
We partner with people from our tire plants and other areas within the company to realize new functionalities or test and evaluate new technology. We are a global, highly motivated IT team that has the freedom to act and embraces diverse thoughts and perspectives.
If you love to create and improve digital solutions and drive them from idea to implementation, Continental is the perfect match for you
We are looking for highly talented IT consultant to join our world class Digital manufacturing IT team. You’ll be part of Competence Center Manufacturing (CCM) - the diverse, worldwide   specialized, entrepreneurial IT team driving digitalization journey to implement our strategic initiatives for our Tire manufacturing plants across the globe.
In this exciting job you work on the following tasks:
Working  collaboratively with a global team to design, develop and  rollout of IT services for manufacturing specification.
Supporting and coordinating software change request process in coordination with all internal stake holders.
Implementing and coordinating preventive, proactive, reactive operational measures.
Defining and reviewing system architecture and supplier deliverables.
Ability to apply proven communication skills, problem-solving skills and knowledge of best practices to guide the development team on issues related to the design, development and rollout of manufacturing IT services.
Get to know some of your new colleagues in Hanover already today on our website.
Qualifications
Academic degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or an equivalent qualification
Multiple years of working experience  as professional software developer (preferably in Manufacturing IT)
Comprehensive knowledge of analysis, design and hands-on development and delivery of Microsoft .NET based Web/Windows applications
Comprehensive knowledge of  Data Management , Data Modelling / SQL / Database operations
General knowledge of ITIL framework and Service Operations
Great customer orientation and intercultural sensitivity
Professional working proficiency in English
Open to travel up to 10 %, world-wide
Applications from severely handicapped people are welcome.
Additional Information
The job in numbers: You are going to work 37.5 hours a week in a team of 30 people worldwide. We offer 30 days of vacation per year.
Being part of a global IT team of thousands of colleagues working on various innovations and tasks, there is always an opportunity to grow and move into different directions within our corporation.
On top of that you can expect the following benefits:
Individual development planning based on your personal needs and targets (e. g. mentoring, trainings or global internal Software Academy)
Work from home up to 2 days a week (unless workshops etc. require physical presence)
Option to work from other EU countries up to 40 days per year
12 salaries per year
Agile and collaborative workstyle
Opportunity to make a difference
Employee discounts
An international team across 7 locations in a globally active organization
Company and tariff pension plan
Health insurance
Assistance with child-care
Parent-child office
Relocation package offered if needed
Canteen on-site
Gym on-site
On-site physicians
Sabbatical option
  If this sounds like a perfect match for you and if you want to become the next supporter of our core values Trust For One Another, Passion to Win and Freedom to Act, we are looking forward receiving your application.
Ready to drive with Continental? Take the first step and fill in the online application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Continental AG
Beiersdorfstraße 5, 30165 Hannover, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -