Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Engineer for Software Industrialization Reliability Metals (f/m/div.)
Renningen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Renningen
Your tasks
As an Engineer, you are responsible for model and tool development for virtual design as well as the validation of metallic materials and components with focus on fatigue mechanism.
You develop simulation routines as well as exemplary applications to demonstrator components, implement them in professional software tools and ensure establishment in the business unit division.
Furthermore, you combine physically based models with AI/data-based machine learning models to set up efficient hybrid models.
With focus on virtual validation, you develop simulation and design methods for vibration-loaded components.
Last but not least, you work efficiently within an international research team of materials-, reliability- and data scientists as well as engineers to accomplish technical objectives.
Your profile
Education: excellent degree in Computational Engineering, Computational Materials Science, Techno-Mathematics or Engineering Sciences, ideally with an PhD with focus on simulation methods
Personality and Working Practice: dedicated, team- and goal-oriented
Experience and Knowledge: experience in the development of simulation methods for materials, mechanical science issues, numerical implementation of models and integration of data science/machine learning methods is a plus, knowledge in mechanics of metallic materials, damage processes, reliability methods with focus on fatigue and fatigue design of vibration loaded components, presentation skills
Language: very good German and English language skills
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Robert-Bosch-Campus 1, 71272 Renningen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.