Jobs by email
ZEISS
Frontend Software Engineer (f/m/x)
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
Thrive on innovation at a global technology leader. Develop exciting customer-centric digital solutions and business models in the diverse, dynamic and stable work environment at ZEISS Digital Partners. Join our inspiring colleagues in a modern workspace and benefit from our open culture. Cooperating closely with our ZEISS businesses around the globe, we enable the digital future @speed and @scale for ZEISS.
We offer
Modern technology stack - with room for you to try things out in a high-tech group
Munich or Jena based permanent job with 40-60% hybrid work option
Great colleagues and a lead to support your professional development from day one.
Your role at ZEISS Digital Partners
You will be a part of an interdisciplinary agile team – out of designers, other frontend and backend developers
You will play a crucial role in our web development team contributing to the success of ZEISS’ digital transformation
You collaborate closely with other developers, designers and external agencies to build an amazing user experience – both for B2B customers and B2C consumers
You design, implement and maintain frontend applications for ZEISS’ Digital Customer Interaction – directly shaping customer experience and driving customer success.
If you would like to know more about the role, kindly contact the responsible recruiter: Sandro Phan (sandro.phan@zeiss.com).
Ihr Profil
You have at least 5 years of professional experience in frontend technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SPA
You have at least 2 years of professional experience in at least one modern JavaScript-based frontend framework (e.g., React.js, Angular or Vue) and tools (e.g., Redux, Webpack, Babel, etc.)
You possess excellent skills in modern JavaScript (i.e., ES6 or later)
You have experience in implementing global, leading mobile friendly web presences
You are a pragmatic, proactive, dynamic and independent team player – and intrinsically motivated to create leading digital customer experiences
Strong verbal, written and presentation skills and excellent communication skills in English.
Additional nice to haves:
Experience in the development of design systems
Experience in working with backend technologies and languages, such as Java or NodeJS
Experience in working with TypeScript.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
München, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.