Jobs by email
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
Data Analytics and Modeling Specialist (d/f/m)
Düsseldorf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
At Henkel, you can be a game changer and craft your career. Unleash your entrepreneurial spirit by bringing your ideas to life within a global team. Our leading brands and technologies, along with our high-performing businesses will provide you with countless opportunities to develop your skills and explore new paths. Your career at Henkel will contribute to a more sustainable future, while you grow within our vibrant, diverse culture of trust and belonging. If you're up for challenging the status quo, join our team of pioneers and make your mark on the future with us.
Do you dare to make an impact?
JOB ID: 23045958
YOUR ROLE
Leads advanced data analytics projects incl. modelling, system identification & estimation, to empower adhesive product development & innovation
Leverage large scale innovation data to build solutions that serve the needs of our adhesive business units
Develop materials and process aware data analysis tools
Actively make your specialized knowledge available to the organization
Consult and educate Adhesive business units on statistics and data analytics
Actively participate in global cross-functional teams and customers
Engage with Henkel´s scientific community
YOUR SKILLS
PhD or Master’s degree with >5 years work experience in Engineering / Information technology/ Mathematics / Chemistry / Physics or equivalent field
Proficient in data visualization, analytics and predictive data modeling (e.g. statistics, data analysis, system identification, estimation, machine learning, optimization, numerical methods)
>5 years of Proven experience in the practical implementation of methods for data-based modelling, system identification and estimation, including experiments, model development, validation and testing
Advanced level of Python and familiar with important scripting or programming tools (e.g. R, Matlab, SQL) and concepts and tools used in industrial environments for data visualization, analysis, and modeling
Experience in cloud-based analytics projects and digital-twin infrastructure is an advantage
Knowledge of Material Sciences and computational tools for Materials Design, e.g. QSPR or theory based models also for processes is an advantage
Experience using collaborative coding tools such as github, and scaling up advanced analytics solutions is an advantage
Excellent presentation and teaching skills
Fluent in English
Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to gender, origin, culture, mindset, generation, disability, religion and sexual orientation.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
40589 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Stock options
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates