Jobs by email
Elektrobit Automotive GmbH
Working Student (m/f/d) for Microservices Implementation on Kubernetes
Ulm
Student job, Industrial placement student
Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
Save
About us
For future mobility concepts and in-car user experience, software is set to play an even more decisive role. Elektrobit  is a visionary global supplier of embedded and connected software products and services for the automotive industry with more than 3400 employees worldwide. For over 30 years now, we have been developing pioneering technologies for automated driving, new vehicle infrastructures, connected cars, and user experience. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Continental AG.
At Elektrobit we are working toward a world in which mobility causes zero fatalities, produces low emissions, and transforms your commute into quality time. In our collaboration with our customers, including Audi, BMW, Daimler, Ford, GM, Volkswagen Group, Volvo, and many more, we live and breathe our passion for automotive software and for the mobility of tomorrow.
If you are passionate about new technologies, care about software quality and want to be part of the future of transportation then we would love to hear from you!
Your responsibilities
As a working student (m/f/d), you are responsible for implementing and maintaining microservices on Kubernetes.
You work closely with our DevOps team to ensure that our microservices architecture is scalable, reliable, and highly available.
In addition, you also collaborate with our software engineering team to ensure that the microservices architecture is optimized for performance and security.
You troubleshoot and debug issues with microservices running on Kubernetes.
You ensure that the microservices architecture is scalable, reliable, and highly available.
You create documentation and training materials for other team members.
Your profile
You are currently studying Computer Science, Information Technology or related field.
You have strong understanding of cloud computing and containerization.
You are experienced with Kubernetes and microservices architecture.
You are familiar with Docker, Helm, and other related tools.
You work independently and as a part of a team. 
Your strong problem-solving and analytical skills convince us. 
Additionally you have excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
What we offer
Working on exciting and future-oriented projects in international collaboration within a multicultural and diverse team.
A healthy work/life balance through access to mobile work and tailored work time models.
An informal working environment throughout the company with no dress code.
Location-specific benefits such as a canteen, discounts in restaurants, company sports, corporate events, e-bike leasing, preventive medical measures, vacation activities for children, and much more.
Company pension scheme, capital-forming benefits.
Opportunities for personal development through a range of training courses provided by our academy.
Contact us
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Elektrobit Automotive GmbH
Wolfgang-Paul-Straße 4, 89081 Ulm, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Sabbatical
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.