Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Lead Software DevOps Engineer - Bosch Connected Industry
Berlin
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch.IO GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Berlin
Your tasks
As lead software DevOps engineer, you will
Serve as a lead DevOps engineer of our global DevOps team. This involves providing technical expertise, driving topics, deriving technical paths for tasks, and supporting team members.
Manage and maintain Cloud (Azure) and On-Premise infrastructure
Develop concepts and tools for managing infrastructure, performing continuous delivery, and optimizing monitoring.
Assist in analyzing requirements, designing, and building deployment architecture for microservice-based IoT applications.
Design and implement concepts to monitor our applications to ensure performance, security, availability, and scalability.
Support planning and implementation of continuous improvement of existing systems.
Manage customer communication in case of failures, change requests, or new releases.
Work with the following technologies: Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Azure, Elastic, Terraform, Python, and others.
Your profile
 Experience: Several years of relevant professional experience as site reliability engineer, cloud operations engineer, DevOps engineer, solutions architect, or similar. Experience with programming in Shell, Python, or similar programming languages; Experience working with agile frameworks in global teams; Experience in deriving features and user stories from requirements; Experience with taking leadership roles within teams.
Knowledge: Strong knowledge of Linux, Git, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Azure, Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, Terraform, or similar technologies. Working knowledge of networking, security, routing, load balancers, firewalls, etc. Working knowledge of relational and non-relational databases, such as MS SQL, Oracle, Mongo DB, and Influx DB. Knowledge of ITIL processes
Personality: Responsible, self-driven, motivated, productive, ambitious.
Working Practice: Analytical and entrepreneurial thinking, solution-oriented, attention to detail and time management. Great verbal and written communication skills.
Enthusiasm: Passion for self-improvement and learning new technologies
Education: Completed degree with a focus in information technology (e.g. Computer Science), engineering, telecommunications or similar qualification. Certifications in cloud technologies desired.
Languages: Very good English skills. Intermediate German.
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Ullsteinstraße 128, 12109 Berlin, Germany
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.