Jobs by email
Klarna GmbH
Senior DevOps Engineer
BERLIN
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
About Klarna
Since 2005 Klarna has been on a mission to revolutionize the retail banking industry. With over 150 million global active users and 2 million transactions per day, Klarna is meeting the changing demands of consumers by saving them time and money while helping them be informed and in control. Over 450,000 global retail partners, including H&M, Saks, Sephora, Macys, IKEA, Expedia Group, and Nike have integrated Klarna's innovative technology to deliver a seamless shopping experience online and in-store. Klarna has over 6,000 employees and is active in 45 markets.
On our path to becoming the world’s favorite way to shop, we’re assembling an unparalleled global talent network, accelerating individual careers, and disrupting entire industries. We are on a mission to liberate humanity from all the meaningless time spent managing their purchases and finances, so they can do more of what they love. We’re in search of global talent eager to embrace our atmosphere and defy their own expectations.
About the Role:
We are seeking a Senior DevOps Engineer to join our team and help us maintain our deployment pipelines, databases, and AWS infrastructure. You will be responsible for handling the non-functional aspects of the system, including on-call duties and conducting POCs with new technologies to improve ease of operation and cost savings. Additionally, you will be expected to script and automate day-to-day operations.
Tech Stack/Tools:
AWS
Jenkins
Terraform
Docker
Bitbucket
Datadog
Ansible
About the Team: We are a team responsible for the reliability and scalability of one of Klarna's servicing systems. Our focus is on the non-functional aspects of the system, including creating and maintaining deployment pipelines for different services. Our goal is to ensure that the system meets defined KPIs, such as cost and uptime, and to automate day-to-day operations.
What you should have:
Must have:
Cloud experience (preferably AWS)
CI/CD experience
Production experience with monitoring, logging, and distributed systems
Scripting experience (Linux/Python)
Nice to have:
Oracle DB experience
Terraform/Ansible experience
Jenkins experience
If you're passionate about DevOps have a proven track record in delivering reliable and scalable systems and are looking for a challenging environment with the flexibility to experiment with new tools and technologies, we'd love to hear from you!
What we offer:
Diversity & Community: With our diversity of skills, perspectives and backgrounds, we can create, innovate, and disrupt like no other. Diversity is part of who we are, and essential to our success.
Ownership & Impact: Here, every voice matters. We’re organized into hundreds of small teams, each run like a start-up, focused on their own problem-space.
Trust & Collaboration: Successes and failures are won together at Klarna in a melting pot of teams. Win, lose, and learn, we’re on this path together.
If you love what you do, you should love where you do it. We appreciate that everyone’s different and has their own preferences of where and how to work. We genuinely believe in the power of regular face-to-face interactions in building close connections with our teams, but we also strongly believe people can work effectively remotely. This means that combining both is the key to success.
At Klarna, You can choose between working from the office, remotely within your employment country, or even outside of it for up to 20 working days per year. Flex it up!
Challenges & Rewards: We take a very Swedish approach to benefits. Support for parents, health and wellness perks—we’ve got you covered.
It is our commitment that every qualified person will be evaluated according to skills regardless of age, gender, identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and age with the application.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €