Jobs by email
TÜV Rheinland Group
SAP UI5/Fiori Application Manager / Developer (f/m/d)
Köln
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
We share our enthusiasm for pioneering solutions with more than 19,600 people in 69 countries. With TÜV Rheinland you can contribute your knowledge independently and continue to develop yourself on a personal level. Our team of highly qualified experts takes responsibility in a wide range of challenges in order to enrich life with valuable services. We all love what we do. If you also would like to provide your talents in a meaningful manner, join us at TÜV Rheinland. Let's take up a wealth of opportunities and set ourselves new goals - together!
Your tasks
As a SAP UI5 and Fiori developer you will design and develop tailor-made solutions in the area of SAP Fiori using the SAPUI5 framework for our internal customers.
Ensuring the smooth functioning of our software applications is your area of responsibility.
In addition to analysing customer needs, your field of activity also includes responsibility for the further development of existing applications.
You will be responsible for error analysis, troubleshooting (3rd level support) and optimisation of existing applications.
Your profile
Completed Bachelor's degree in information technology or comparable qualification and several years of professional experience
Experience in developing custom applications in SAP UI5/Fiori is mandatory
Programming in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery as well as knowledge of XML, SOAP and/or REST-based protocols should be provided
Knowledge in SAP ABAP, OO ABAP and experience in developer oData services are desirable
In addition to a very good knowledge of English, a good knowledge of German is required for international coordination with the departments
What we offer
Development opportunities: From coaching and mentoring programs to the "Women´s Network".
Employee meetings: Regular conversations.
Employee insurance: Accident insurance, occupational disability insurance, affordable insurance.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees, e.g. at the gym or for buying a car.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Dental care
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Car/Travel allowance
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.