Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Embedded-Software/System developer for communication intense systems (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
The foundation of next generation vehicles with rich advanced driver assistance system and autonomous vehicle is the E/E-Architecture. The next ComNet Architecture hast to converge data traffic from different Applications and need to offer therefore the required performance. Time and Safety critical data as well high-volume date or less critical body-electronic need to share the same network infrastructure. Even data rates beyond 50 Gb/s are possible as well technologies like Power over Data Line. This requires fundamental changes on Hardware, Software and System Design.
As a embeddded software engineer you will analyse and predict future requirements for zonal architectural system components. You will define software concepts together with the system design.
Together with semiconductor vendors you will find the best trade-off between hardware accelerated data handling with zero copying and the flexibility of software processing.
You’re analysing the different processing components and define the preferred solution for Bosch.
You will evaluate different zonal concepts like the true north where no data processing is realized at the zone as well as concepts where sensor data are being process at the zonal ECUs. 
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in Electronics, Communication Engineering, Computer Design or comparable 
Personality and Working Practice: good communication skills with technical experts at customers and suppliers, collaboration with Bosch Group (not only automotive), Persuasive and self confidence and willingness for international travels
Experience and Knowledge: Knowledge In-Vehicle-Networking, Time Sensitive Networking (IEEE802.1), IEEE1722, Autosar Sofware. First experience in Service Oriented Networking, SOME/IP, DDS, Experience with Standardization, Experience with Safety and Security Design Process 
Enthusiasm: Future oriented to develop new functionalities like Software defined networking, high interest to work with different parties at Bosch, customer and supplier around the world
Languages: good English and German
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Mittlerer Pfad 9, 70499 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.