Jobs by email
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
Scientific Technical Support Engineer (m/f/d)
Basel
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
Save
Imagine new horizons...
Dassault Systèmes is the second largest software manufacturer in Europe and has been a dynamically growing, innovative company since 1981.
Do you have dreams? Do you enjoy challenges? Here at Dassault Systèmes, we empower people with passion to change the world and create the future.
What will your role be?
Ensure customers, partners, users satisfaction by fostering sustainable relationships to capitalize and share knowledge and know how.
Resolve incoming technical and scientific support requests related to the BIOVIA Unified Lab Management portfolio
Contribute to the creation of content for the self-service knowledge base
Work closely with R&D to continuously improve BIOVIA applications
Work closely with leading customers in a consultative technical support role
Facilitate discussions with both internal and external stakeholders to determine resolution paths through troubleshooting
Interact with users via our BIOVIA user communities. 
You will work within the Customer Success organization of BIOVIA. You will liaise with BIOVIA R&D, pre-sales, support organizations and our customers to provide scientific and technical support for our Unified Lab management portfolio
You will facilitate discussions with customers and business leads answering questions pertaining to system requirements, installation, the scientific foundation of our tools, and best practices.  You will provide support to a worldwide user base comprising commercial and academic customers with different levels of scientific and technical expertise.
Your key success factors:
Must have a Bachelor's or higher degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent
Domain knowledge in Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Materials Science, Biology, Pharmaceutical or related fields is of advantage
Must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills and a customer-oriented focus
Customer Service experience is an advantage
Able to manage customer situations with tact and diplomacy
Have we sparked your interest?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Dassault Systemes Deutschland GmbH
Basel, Schweiz