Jobs by email
Uniper
Lead Business Analyst - Trading Products (f/m/d)
Düsseldorf
Temporary contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Easy apply
Save
We are Uniper: an international energy company with about 11,000 employees.
We combine a balanced portfolio of technologically advanced large-scale assets with outstanding technical and commercial expertise.
These assets and capabilities enable us to deliver flexible, bespoke, competitively priced energy products and services with agility, precision and speed.
Your tasks
Our New Trading Product team in Sales and Trading IT team in Dusseldorf, Germany is looking for you!
The New trading product team is open door for our business to trade new products in multiple commodities and markets. It's a demanding role where we need to race against time and think out of box in ever changing energy markets. It provides opportunities to learn new products for e.g. Green products and Hydrogen which will be future of energy.
Senior Business Analyst with strong skills in Endur and Energy markets
Stand-in for New Trading Products IT Lead for business alignment and team steer
To be the first point of contact for delivery of all assigned products
5 or more years of experience in energy markets and ION Endur
Techno functional with knowledge of JVS/OC scripts
Participate in the new products kick off meetings to discuss the scope of the product, gather requirements and help development team in planning & estimation
Produce a clear and coherent functional design for Endur application focusing on front to back modules in Endur
Drive and support change through effective products delivery, be responsible in configuring and setting up the required changes in Endur
Review deliveries of external vendors
Support business users during the product setup and post go-live for any application related issues / questions
Stakeholder management and expectation management
Good team player who can work with team across different geographies
Your profile
Should have minimum bachelor's degrees or equivalent
Should have minimum of 6-8 years of experience Energy trading & Risk Management
Should have deep understanding in Gas/Power/Carbon markets
Should have good understanding of all the modules in Openlink Endur
Should have good understanding of front to back business functions
Should have experience in running workshops, gathering requirements and in functional designing of trading systems
Should have good trouble shooting & problem-solving skills
Should have experience in front ending the design and requirements discussions with business users and coordinating the testing with them
Personal attributes:
Collaborative attitude and ability to communicate with diverse stakeholders and team members
Very good inter-personal and verbal/written English communication skills, German or other European languages are advantage (Chairing meetings, facilitating workshops, preparing and sharing outcomes)
Enthusiastic to train and upskill internal and external staff
We offer
At Uniper, we believe in rewarding our employees for their hard work. We offer competitive salaries, company pensions and performance related benefits. Our people can also take advantage of our extensive flexible benefits package with discounts on high street vouchers, health and dental care, holidays and more. This role gives you opportunity to connect to different business functions and understanding how energy market is developing and changing, to become part of energy revolution, to work with the teams to shape the future of the Energy, to have a learning opportunity as Uniper support different e-learning platforms, to work with a business integrated and collaborative team.
Contact
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Uniper
40221 Düsseldorf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.