Jobs by email
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services
Financial Data Analyst (m/f/d) #StandwithUkraine
Frankfurt am Main
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services (IDS) unlocks the value of data for the global investment industry: We validate, refine, and link data from a wide variety of sources and make it available for mission-critical processes along all investment strategies and products quickly, worldwide, and at any time. Fund management companies, insurance companies, banks and pension funds can use IDS to access a flexibly scalable data platform as well as all necessary analyses and reports in the desired format. As a 100% subsidiary of Allianz SE, IDS has stood for stability, reliability and certified security in the handling of its customers' data since 2001.
Financial Data Analyst (m/f/d) #StandwithUkraine
Job Purpose / Role
Join our team Regulatory Reporting Services and become part of a motivated team of experts that aims to provide the best services for our international clients. As a Portfolio Data Analyst, you will support and improve our ongoing processes, implement new regulatory requirements and support clients with their requests.  This will give you the opportunity to gain a deep insight into the daily requirements and work processes of a financial services provider working with the biggest asset managers. If you are passionate about data, then we are the right place for you.
We offer employment in an outstanding and motivated team of experts and an international environment with flat hierarchies. To support your entry into IDS GmbH we offer a comprehensive onboarding program.
Key Responsibilities
Support of operational processes for the preparation of Regulatory Reports (Solvency II, CRR/CRD, VAG, Annual Reporting, PRIIPs KIDs, UCITs KIIDs)
Ensuring the regular delivery of our financial product analyses to international customers
Carrying out various data quality checks including root cause analysis
Supporting our customers, e.g. by providing support for ad-hoc customer requests
Assessment and analysis of technical and process-related problems and quality assurance
Identification and realization of optimization potentials in the affected processes (Continuous Service Improvement)
Key Requirements / Skills / Experience
University degree in economics, business administration, mathematics and/or equivalent experience in finance
Knowledge of capital markets or asset management
Experience in working with databases (SQL) is an advantage
IT affinity and process-oriented thinking
High degree of analytical thinking, motivation, reliability, personal responsibility and above-average willingness to perform
Customer- and service-oriented appearance
Enjoyment of new topics and familiarization with new methods and tools
Team spirit, creativity and pleasure in passing on your knowledge
Good knowledge of MS Office (VBA) is an advantage
Fluent in German and English
What we offer
Benefit from flexible working hours, a home office arrangement and 30 vacation days per year
With us, you can expect an intercultural environment with flat hierarchies, a familiar working atmosphere as well as independent work in dedicated teams
Become part of a company with start-up spirit that combines the advantages of the Allianz Group
Take advantage of our wide range of training and development opportunities and shape your individual career path
Benefit, among other things, from annual bonus payments, additional benefits, health initiatives, employee restaurant and a company pension plan
Additional Information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.