Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
International Coordinator Information Security (f/m/div.)
Stuttgart
Permanent contract
Full Time, Part time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Robert Bosch GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Stuttgart
Your tasks
In your position, you are responsible for the international alignment and coordination of upcoming external information security requirements due to new legislation, customer requirements and standards.
You are in charge of monitoring international developments of legislation, requirements and standards related to information security and other areas (e.g. cybersecurity and data protection), starting with new and upcoming regulations in China (CSL).
Harmonizing and aligning the new requirements with the existing Bosch Information Security Management System (ISMS), Bosch organization, policies, procedures, processes and tools are within your scope. 
Furthermore, you are coordinating and building up a central driven governance strategy (e.g. ensure outside in view) to bundle the upcoming requirements in this area.
Alignment with associations and authorities to benchmark the handling of such requirements depending on the political developments in single markets is part of your tasks.
Coordinating, maintaining and updating Bosch guidelines and the related information security toolset as well as preparing additional awareness and trainings for the Bosch Group and relevant internal governance owners are in your hands.
Last but not least, you update and maintain the respective audit concept for information security.
Your profile
Education: completed university studies (master's degree/diploma/PhD) in business administration, computer science or a comparable subject
Experience and Knowledge: several years of experience and competence in the field of information security (ideally: ISO-27k knowledge), data
protection and/or cyber security or comparable knowledge, preferably experience in working in international teams
Personality and Working Practice: high level of comprehension, assertive, convincing, structured, systematic, consistent 
Languages: very good English and good German communication skills
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Kronenstraße 22, 70173 Stuttgart, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.