Jobs by email
MediaMarktSaturn Technology
Engineering Lead Analytics Platform (m/f/d)
München, Ingolstadt
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
At MediaMarktSaturn, "Let's Go!" is not just a slogan, it is an attitude. We love technology and we want to excite. We have fun and want to inspire. Our customers and our teams. That's why we are looking for people who share this spirit. People who are passionate about creating the shopping experience of the future together with 50.000 colleagues across Europe.
MediaMarktSaturn Technology is working to make Europe's number-one consumer electronics retailer the technology leader in its industry. To this end, several hundred developers, UX designers and system architects using state-of-the-art technology work hand in hand with business owners in agile teams to develop customer-focused technology solutions for more than 6 million customers every day in 13 countries. 
Your tasks
Driving the technology strategy and its agile delivery in the Analytics Platform domain at MMS globally, which consist of 13 countries
Taking Analytics to the next level via delivering an easy to use, secure, and well governed global Analytic data platform
Establishing the right balance between control and flexibility that fits to a product based engineering organization
Influencing and drive Analytics data and platform strategy within the technology organization. Establish transparency and standards for Data/Tools/Platform control and security via Governance
Leading a strong team of Data and Analytics engineers and TPMs and identifying the right talents for the engineering teams, together with your competency leads and lead engineers
Being responsible for large budget, planning, delivery, and KPI achievement
Working closely with engineer community, architects, agile coaches and other colleagues to shape technology strategy, engineering culture, and plan delivery
Aligning scope and budget for contracts with 3rd party providers and join potential RFP processes to represent the engineering view
Requirements
Several years of experience in Data Analytics, architecture, and project leadership
Proven leadership experience, preferably in an agile organization
Strong experience in Analytics related technology and data architecture (Data ingest pipelines, Data Objects, Semantic layer, GCP, Big Query, Tableau, Looker preferably)
Strong analytical, problem-solving skills, and focus on driving continuous improvement and innovation
Ability to structure complex topics and bringing in architectural models and translate those into software architectures and business language without losing required details
Experience in scaling up team capacities and leading multiple teams at multiple locations
Profound experience in facilitation and moderation of communities and support collaborative decision processes
Fluent in English
Benefits
Passion for Technology in Retail! As part of open and dynamic teams, you are developing solutions for Europe's largest consumer electronics retailer. Alongside challenging tasks with latest technologies, we are offering various benefits as well as flexible working time and possibilities for personal development. As part of the Future Technology Lab you are building the future of retail and services. When you are ready to learn more about us, just drop us your application right below!
Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €