Jobs by email
ZEISS
Hardware Developer (electronics) (m/f/x)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
Ihre Rolle
develop highly integrated, low-loss electronic assemblies for sensors, controls and peripherals of high-end measuring robots and coordinate measuring machines in a young, innovative team
design, simulate and construct analog and digital circuits, as well as accompany their integration into the overall system in agile, interdisciplinary teams
independently design new technological approaches and possible electronic architectures for the problems of the new markets, such as NEV and additive manufacturing, and demonstrate their feasibility
Ihr Profil
Successfully completed studies in electronics/electrical engineering/mechatronics or comparable qualification.
Sound E-CAD knowledge in the field of circuit diagram and layout development (ideally Pulsonix)
Knowledge of bus systems (Ethernet, EtherCAT, CAN, ...)
Experience in the design and conception of analog frontends
Experience in connecting electronics to embedded systems and programming hardware abstraction layers (ARM, Keil, C, C++, VHDL)
Would you like to gain an influence on the company's success in one of the most exciting business units?
Would you like an appreciative and close cooperation with very flexible and innovative working time models?
Then you should definitely apply for this job!
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Stefan Schmid
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Germany
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.