Jobs by email
Magna
Cyber Security Engineer (m/f/d)
Sailauf
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Jobnummer: 48106
Gruppe: Magna Electronics
Division: Magna Electronics Sailauf
Art der Beschäftigung: Festanstellung
Standort: SAILAUF
Group Description
Magna's ADAS technologies pave the way for autonomous driving and contribute to a higher quality of life.
Fully autonomous driving is within reach. But to develop the technology needed for it, complete ADAS systems or modular solutions must be adapted to any vehicle and mobility requirements.
Magna's electronic solutions enable OEMs to offer their customers vehicle features that improve their lives. Our holistic vehicle expertise, strategic partnerships and culture of innovation enable us to bring our industry-leading technologies to the road and continue to work toward a safer, smarter and more connected mobility experience for all.
Stellenbeschreibung
Role Summary
The cyber security engineer leads the cyber security activities for serial production programs and provides assistance to the program team in delivering the work products of the cybersecurity and in complying with ISO/SAE 21434 and UNECE WP.29.
Key Responsibilities
To lead the cyber security activities in core or application programs in compliance with ISO/SAE 21434, UNECE WP.29 and Magna Cyber Security development processes and in collaboration with the development team.
In cooperation with the functional engineers, you will carry out Threat Analysis and Risk Assessment (TARA) and identify vulnerabilities for cyber-attacks.
Analysis and evaluation of Cyber Security -relevant specifications/ Cyber Security requirements from Customer.
Based on the analysis results you will develop a Cyber Security concept.
Plan and monitor Cyber Security relevant work products in the assigned program
Provide guidance and support to the program team in the development of their work products and implementing the cybersecurity concept in product design and in the production process.
As part of the V-Model, you accompany the verification and validation process by defining the necessary verification and validation methods, such as B. Fuzzing, vulnerability scanning, penetration testing.
In cooperation with the development team, you formulate the essential cybersecurity assessments according to ISO/SAE 21434
Key Requirements and Qualifications
Successfully completed degree in electrical engineering, computer science or a comparable subject.
Ideally, professional experience in the field of cyber security (preferably in the Automotive industry) as well as knowledge and experience in the application of standards such as ISO 21434, UNECE R-155, SAE J3061, ISO27001, AUTOSAR are desirable
Solid background in systems engineering, hardware engineering or software engineering in the Automotive industry, especially in the development of ADAS products
Excellent knowledge in working with engineering processes (such as ASPICE) including requirements development and management, architectural concepts, design verification, and design validation
Knowledge of cryptography, signature processes, automotive trust anchors and HSM/SHE
Knowledge in Requirements & Configurations tools, e.g., PTC Integrity, DOORS and Software Design Tools (e.g., Enterprise Architect)
Comprehensive knowledge of MS Office package
Basic Project Management experience, Planned and structured approach
Cross functional thinking, High problem-solving skills, very good analytical and conceptual skills as well as strong teamwork and communication skills
Good knowledge of German and English
Benefits
Collegial, supportive and friendly working atmosphere with a "Duz" culture
Attractive and performance-oriented compensation package
Prospects and opportunities for personal and professional development through various training offers
Individual work arrangements through flexible working hours and opportunities to use "Office Work" and "Mobile Work" personally
Corporate benefits program
International and diverse environment and open-door culture
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
Magna
63877 Sailauf, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company medical officer
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.
Certificates