Jobs by email
E.ON Inhouse Consulting GmbH
Senior Consultant (m/f/d)
Essen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Save
About us
E.ON Inhouse Consulting | Permanent
We are the trusted advisor to the top leadership of E.ON and we're on a mission to create the blueprint for the energy transition of Europe - and beyond.
For us energy transition is more than just a buzzword. It simply is one of the most pressing issues our generation has to solve. To that end, we put out our ideas to challenge the status quo and turn them into a new reality. We push boundaries and deliver the seemingly impossible. For a better society. Across our 1.6 million grid kilometers. And most of all for our 51 million customers. For us, that's 51 million opportunities to change something. And not just in theory, but for real.
We also happen to grow future leaders. People who share the same vision for the future. People with sharp minds who come up with new yet workable solutions. People who are tenacious and want to change things for the better. People who take pleasure in our open, diverse and feedback-oriented culture.
Sounds like you? Why wait. The time is now. LET'S CHANGE ENERGY. FOR REAL.
Your responsibilities
What you'll do:
Do you enjoy solving challenging problems? As an ECON Senior Consultant, demanding projects will familiarize you with the entire spectrum of the energy value chain - and you will be working on E.ON Group's top priority topics.
As a member of an international team, you will analyze and structure the complex issues facing the energy sector and which specifically apply to our company
You will work hand-in-hand with your Project Manager to develop strategic and operational solutions for E.ON - along the whole value chain
You will be responsible for a number of crucial project modules, independently manage customer and operating processes and develop concrete recommendations for action
You will moderate workshops, create presentations and communicate your recommendations both to the ECON management team and your customers
You will take on initial leadership responsibility through supervising new colleagues and interns and taking on a number of internal tasks (e.g. marketing, recruiting, training)
What you'll need to succeed:
You have a top-grade master's degree in your pocket and offer at least two years' work experience in the consulting sector / industry or an additional qualification (doctorate or MBA)
Ideally, you have already gained some initial consulting and project management experience
You are fluent in English and willing to learn German
Apart from getting a buzz from the energy sector, you offer excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
You want to make a difference and have an entrepreneurial and innovative mindset
Your strengths include the capability for questioning existing structures and the ability to proactively push a project ahead
Both, your precise, structured communication skills and your talent for presentations let you win over your customers
What we offer:
Flexibility: A hybrid work model, flexible working hours, 30 vacation days plus additional leave days or sabbatical to ensure a good work-life balance
Workation: Up to 20 days within the European Economic Area
Personal development & training: Ongoing, independent learning, through a broad training and coaching program
Modern working environment: A workplace that meets digital and ergonomic standards, enhanced by creative and productive spaces and seating areas
Corporate benefits: Employee share program, company pension plan, employee discounts, special insurance policies and much more
Health and Vitality: Large selection of fresh food and beverages in our subsidized bistro and canteen, various health offers (e.g. physiotherapy, fitness center, flu vaccinations, mental healthcare)
Mobility Package: From a mobility budget, private car or bicycle leasing to subsidized job tickets
Central location: Very good public transport connections, free parking and charging stations for e-vehicles
Family service support: In all life situations through cooperation partners that provide child and vacation care, nursing assistance and everyday companionship
Your profile
Did we spark your interest?
Then please be so kind and upload your full application documents in English (degrees, diplomas and certificates in original language). For further information please contact our Recruiting Team via email (energize-your-career-econ@eon.com).
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
E.ON Inhouse Consulting GmbH
45131 Essen, Deutschland
Certificates