Jobs by email
Patrizia SE
Projectmanager Digitisation Projects (m/f/d)
Augsburg, Frankfurt am Main, Luxemburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
PATRIZIA is a leading partner for global real assets.
With operations around the world, PATRIZIA has been offering investment opportunities in real estate and infrastructure assets for institutional, semi-professional and private investors for 39 years. PATRIZIA manages more than EUR 59 billion in assets and employs over 1,000 professionals at 28 locations worldwide. Through its PATRIZIA Foundation, PATRIZIA is committed to social responsibility. The Foundation has helped around 250,000 children in need worldwide gain access to education and thus, has given them the chance of a better life over the last 23 years.
Shaping a sustainable future and making a positive contribution to society is what drives our daily business.
As Projectmanager Digitisation Projects (m/f/d) you will play a key role within the Tech-Lab - Change and Innovation team in Augsburg, Frankfurt on the Main or Luxembourg.
Your Responsibilities
You lead digitisation projects based on the requirements and wishes of the internal departments
Together with your colleagues (m/f/d) in your team, you design a suitable process, carry out tenders and application selections and, if necessary, manage the implementation of suitable solutions
You communicate regularly with all stakeholders of the projects
What we look for
You have a degree in technology management, business informatics or a similar field of study
You have already gained at least 5 years of professional experience in a comparable position
It is advantageous if you already have experience in the investment management or real estate industry
You are a strong communicator and a team player
You bring a high degree of personal responsibility and an analytical way of thinking with you
In addition to a very good command of German, a very good command of written and spoken English is required
What we offer
Flexible working options
Skill building and learning opportunities
Career progression and talent development programs
Health and well-being benefits
Competitive pay and paid time off, including holidays designated for volunteering
Sounds like you?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Barrier-free access
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.