Jobs by email
Bosch Gruppe
Algorithm Developer for Inertial Sensor Systems (f/m/div.)
Kusterdingen
Permanent contract
Full Time, Home office possible
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
Easy apply
Save
Welcome to Bosch
Do you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? Whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology - with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. Welcome to Bosch.
The Bosch Sensortec GmbH is looking forward to your application!
Employment type: Unlimited
Working hours: Full-Time
Joblocation: Kusterdingen
Your tasks
We develop MEMS-based algorithms and applications for consumer devices like smart watches and hearables, i.e., we get signals from sensors, process them, and provide the interpreted result to the user. You will be in an agile team of open-minded people with versatile education, culture, and history which develops sophisticated, cutting-edge algorithms for orientation and motion evaluation.
Your tasks
Develop algorithms based on inertial sensor data using techniques such as classic signal processing, data fusion and Kalman filters. Know and exploit all the features and characteristics of our hardware to achieve outstanding performance
Fully understand and experience the use case and the environment to provide a solution which makes our customers happy
Document, explain, present your solution. Review and challenge your teammates in open minded discussion to get the best solution for the given problem. Help new colleagues to get on track.
Contribute to our technology roadmap, find new use cases and applications, and generate patents
Your profile
Personality: Open minded team player, innovative, communicative, and curious.
Working Practice: Analytical, structured, thorough, and results-oriented
Experience: At least 3 years of experience in algorithm development, ideally based on inertial sensor signals. Matlab experience is mandatory, experience with C/C++ is helpful, Python is a plus.
Knowledge: Expert in algorithm development, verification / validation methods and a very good understanding of professional software development
Education: Technical degree (M.Sc. / Dipl. / Ph.D.) in electrical engineering or similar science / technology related programs with a very solid understanding of digital signal processing, as well as statistics and mathematical modelling.
Languages: Proficient English language skills (C1)
This location offers
Work-life balance: Flexible working in terms of time, place and working model.
Health & Sport: Wide range of health and sports activities.
Childcare: Intermediary service for childcare services.
Employee discounts: Discounts for employees.
Room for creativity: Space for creative work.
In-house social counseling and care services: Social counselling and intermediary service for care services.
The recruitment contact or superior will be happy to provide information about the individual benefit plan.
Contact & Additional information
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
Bosch Gruppe
Gerhard-Kindler-Straße 9, 72770 Kusterdingen, Deutschland
Commute Time
From:
To:
How:
Car
Public Transport
Walk
Cycle
Show commute time
- - : - -
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Fitness programs
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.