Jobs by email
Software AG
Enterprise Risk Manager*
Berlin, Darmstadt, Düsseldorf, Hamburg, München, Nürnberg, Saarbrücken, Stuttgart, remote
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Software AG simplifies the connected world. Founded in 1969 it helps deliver the experiences that employees, partners and customers now expect. Its technology creates the digital backbone that integrates applications, devices, data and clouds; empowers streamlined processes; and connects “things” like sensors, devices and machines. It helps 10,000+ organizations to become a truly connected enterprise and make smarter decisions, faster.
Our story goes beyond technology. We put people first – employees, customers, and partners. We build strong teams and cultivate relationships that last. We provide incomparable products, solutions, services, and technical excellence for our customers. We are a team of over 5,000 colleagues across 70+ countries who value inclusion, integrity, and innovation. Our size means everyone has an impact and every voice is valued. We are big enough to compete and small enough to care.
Be you, join us.
We are currently seeking an Enterprise Risk Manager* to drive implementation and integration of existing risk management on a global scale. In this strategic role you provide leadership and challenge in determining the appropriate Enterprise KRIs, thresholds, triggers and escalations for monitoring and tracking at various levels (Board of Directors, Business Unit (BU) Committees etc.). You will report to our SVP Corporate Assurance and regularly work closely with risk stakeholders in our business units and enabling functions to ensure truly integrated Enterprise Risk Management.
Enterprise Risk Manager*
Locations in Germany: Berlin, Darmstadt, Düsseldorf, Hamburg, Munich, Nuremberg, Saarbrücken, Stuttgart or remote
Your Responsibilities:
Driving standardization, efficiency and compliance across various risk functions and Business Units within Software AG
Work with BUs, IT and enabling functions to create risk framework design requirements, execute on project deliverables, and establish control plans
Develop and maintain procedures for the Enterprise KRI Program
Design and maintain required reporting, metrics and dashboards to inform management at all levels
Proactively monitor the Enterprise KRI program - including alignment to risk assessment results across all enterprise risk categories
Your Profile:
A degree in the field of business or business informatics or comparable qualification
At least 2 years experience in dealing with Enterprise Risk Management
Experience in working with interdisciplinary groups in international environments
Very good knowledge and experience in international project management paired with a hands-on approach in getting things done
Very good organizational and communication skills across all hierarchical levels as well as independent, structured and implementation-oriented working style
Special knowledge but not mandatory: Experience in ISO31000
What’s in it for you?
Earn competitive total compensation and receive comprehensive country-specific medical and other benefits.
Enjoy time and location flexibility with our Hybrid Working Model, which allows a remote work share of up to 60%. Work anywhere in your country or abroad for up to 10 days per year.
Set yourself up for success in your new role by upgrading your home office space using your one-time hybrid work payment.
Lean on the Employee Assistance Program for support during some of life’s most common but difficult challenges.
Interested?
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €