Jobs by email
ZEISS
Senior Information Security Manager (m/f/d)
Oberkochen (Baden-Württemberg)
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Save
Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people.
In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together.
Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow.
Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.
 Ihre Rolle
The InfoSec Certifications and Governance team is responsible for developing, implementing, and maintaining the ZEISS Information Security Program within the ZEISS Information Security Organization. The ZEISS Information Security Program is aligned with well-known international frameworks and standards and considers requirements from all business functions across the ZEISS group as well as regulatory requirements. Furthermore, the team’s responsibilities include Governance, Risk and Compliance Management, Information Security Audit Management, and ISMS operation. As Senior Information Security Manager, you will be responsible for further development and operation of the ZEISS Information Security Program in areas such as the ZEISS Information Security Management System Process, the ZEISS Policy Framework, Information Security in Supplier Relationships and Prototype Protection.
You will
Define, develop and review information security policies, procedures, guidelines, forms and templates together with the related Subject Matter Experts
Recommend and develop measures to ensure compliance with ISO 27001 as well as other applicable information security requirements and frameworks
Execute Information Security Risk Assessments and Analysis to make sure appropriate measures are taken in order to treat identified Information Security Risks appropriately
Further develop and implement Information Security Auditing across all ZEISS legal entities and locations together with the responsible Regional and Business Information Security Officers
Support communication of all matters relating to the ZEISS Information Security Program into all Businesses and Regions
Drive further development of the ZEISS GRC tool
Shape the Information Security posture of ZEISS globally and in a sustainable way with the ability to bring your ideas to life
Be part of a dynamic and motivated team with a passion for Information Security consisting of people of all different experience levels and personalities
Ihr Profil
Apprenticeship / professional education / studies in the field of Information Security (Bachelor's or Master's degree) or equivalent combination of education and working experience
> 7 years of professional experience in a field related to IT- or Information Security, e. g. Information Security Management, ISO 27001, Information Security KPIs, Information Security Incident Management
Track record of successfully completed projects related to ISO 27001, Information Security Auditing, creation and implementation of policy frameworks on a global scale in complex environments
Ability to work in a structured and independent way
A strong analytic personality, including the ability to solve complex tasks and problems by applying innovative thinking
A stakeholder’s manager who brings a hands-on mentality as well as a goal-oriented mindset
Sharing your knowledge and know-how to advance the team and work field is in your nature
Fluent English or German language skills
French, Spanish or other languages are of advantage
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Our Location
Open map
ZEISS
73447 Oberkochen, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Additional medical services
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company mobile phone
Childcare
Company medical officer
Coaching
Home office
Company car
Extra day off
Public transport ticket
Study allowance
Car/Travel allowance
Good transport connections
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.