Jobs by email
Volocopter GmbH
Senior Network Engineer - IT/OT (m/f/d)
Bruchsal bei Karlsruhe, München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 5 days ago
Show salary
Easy apply
I'm interested
Save
Company Description
We at Volocopter are pioneers in the development of electrical air taxis that take off and land vertically (eVTOLs). We bring Urban Air Mobility to life, by establishing air taxis in addition to current transportation options in megacities globally. Our aim is to offer affordable on-demand air taxi services and save people time by flying them safely to their destination. In 2011 we performed the first-ever piloted flight of a purely electrical multicopter and have since showcased numerous public flights with its full-scale Volocopter (www.volocopter.com).
Job Description
Your mission during this flight:
As a Senior Network Engineer - IT/OT at Volocopter, you are part of the IT’s Network Operation Center (NetOps) and manage and optimize the processes and infrastructures that enable our multicultural and innovative team to decisively shape our vision of the future of mobility. You will be responsible to maintain operations, but also deliver projects.
You will design and implement a state-of-the-art, global network architecture, and respective management procedures
As Senior you will ensure delivery and continuous improvement of the Network Operation Center and its team
You will maintain transparency across service availability and performance as well as foster efficient event management
You translate business requirements into IT specification and implement solutions according to overarching design principles
One focus area will be the Operational Technology (OT) within our Production, basis for our smart production
You optimize and implement latest technologies as well as troubleshoot escalated issues (2nd level support)
You set-up and maintain technical documentations and user manuals
This position can be filled at one of our locations in Germany (Bruchsal (Karlsruhe/Heidelberg region) or Munich).
Qualifications
Check in your professional skills:
Degree in IT or training as an IT specialist
5+ years of professional experience in comparable positions
Experience in the implementation of connected/embedded production systems using Operational Technology (OT) (Modbus / Profinet / EtherNET (CIP))
Versed knowledge in cross-site network infrastructure design and monitoring (SSE, ZTN, SD-WAN, Azure Virtual WAN, BGP, etc.)
Reliability, ability to work in a team and high customer orientation paired with an independent way of working
Very good communication skills in English
Preferred skills:
Knowledge in the design, operation, and management of on-prem and cloud network infrastructure
Experience in running Network Operation Centers and managing a small team, needed processes and budget
Additional Information
Our Offer:
Fast-growing high tech company with a supreme network of investors and partners
Ability to contribute directly to the future of aviation
The chance to build up new things/projects from scratch
Personal accountability, growth and learning opportunities, based on your personal strengths
An inspiring working environment with modern workspaces, flexible work time, short lines of communication, flat structures, great team spirit
Attractive salary package
Our differences make us stronger. At Volocopter, we stand for inclusion for all. We believe that diversity drives innovation and in building a culture where difference is valued. Come and join us on our journey!
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €