Jobs by email
thyssenkrupp Presta AG
Cloud Architect / Digital Process Specialist Manufacturing (all genders)
Eschen, Fürstentum Liechtenstein
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Save
Our Automotive Technology business is passionate about the automotive industry and produces as well as markets high-tech automotive components worldwide. With over 20,000 employees, we are responsible for the success of this business. Our product and service range includes chassis technologies such as steering and damper systems and the assembly of axle systems as well as powertrain components for conventional and alternative engines. We also develop assembly systems for body-in-white construction and produce lightweight car body components in series.
Cloud Architect / Digital Process Specialist Manufacturing (all genders)
Together with the world's leading automotive manufacturers thyssenkrupp Presta brings the future mobility on the road with its steering technology day by day. The automotive environment is being shaped by autonomous driving, connectivity and powertrain electrification. Get on board and join our team at thyssenkrupp Presta!
Your responsibilities
As part of our production and investment planning team…
* you will work on the conception and development of cloud-based system architectures for digitization and cross-system networking of the processes in production planning
* optimize our existing digital management reporting in the operations area and design new applications/services for the analysis of business-relevant key figures
* you support in choosing the right technologies, services and functions with which the data pipelines and reports can be set up in a high-performance and low-maintenance manner
* assist them in optimizing processes and maintaining the department's existing planning tools
Your profile
* A successfully completed degree, e.g. B. as a business informatics specialist, computer scientist (all genders) you bring with you
* You have experience in the conception and implementation of cloud architectures (design, hybrid infrastructures, data migration and technology management)
* You are proficient in the common programming languages (e.g. Python, Java, C)
* You have also worked with relational databases (SQL, PL/SQL) and document stores
* In addition to German, you can also express yourself in English (spoken and written).
Contact details
Frederic Sent
Human Resources
thyssenkrupp Presta AG
Essanestrasse 10
9492 Eschen
Fürstentum Liechtenstein
Phone: +423 377 2347
Employer seals
For us, it is a matter of course to offer you optimal framework conditions in addition to attractive employment conditions and social benefits.
This includes:
Flexible working time models
Ergonomic workstations, fruit days, our own fitness and training facilities, weekly sports courses, running clubs and other flexible health promotion and prevention offers
A company pension plan that is highly subsidized by the employer
A wide range of internal and external training opportunities, e.g. via the thyssenkrupp Academy, recognized external institutions or internal event formats
Subsidized and balanced lunch menus in our canteen and snacks from vending machines
Regular company events (e.g. summer barbecue, ski day, Christmas party)
Discounts at various stores and partners
Therefore we welcome all applications, irrespective of gender, nationality, ethnic and social background, religion and beliefs, disability, age, or sexual orientation and identity.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
Loading spinner
Company Benefits
Company pension
Sport activities/facilities
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Fitness programs
Incentives & events
Petrol card
Parking space
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Meal coupons
Company mobile phone
Company medical officer
Coaching
Study allowance
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.