Jobs by email
B. Braun Melsungen AG
Embedded/Electronic Developer (f/m/d) – Robotic Surgery
Freiburg
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 1 week ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
You're an important part of our future. Hopefully, we're also a part of yours!
At B. Braun, we protect and improve the health of people worldwide. This is also our vision for IT. You see technology as an opportunity, and you develop solutions that secure our business in the long term, we would like to implement the digital transformation of B. Braun with you. With fresh ideas, drive and team spirit, we are working to launch the medical technology of tomorrow and safeguard the healthcare of the future. Together. That's Sharing Expertise.
Embedded/Electronic Developer (f/m/d) – Robotic Surgery
Reference Code DE-902023-77543
B. Braun New Ventures is a Corporate Start-Up based in Freiburg, Germany and takes a lead role in the digital transformation of healthcare. With a young and fast-growing team, we develop solutions to automate medical procedures across various business areas. Our goal is to augment caregivers' eyes, hands and decision making with sensors, robotics, and artificial intelligence. Our cloud platform team is focused on creating corporate-wide solutions that will drive the next generation of B. Braun's digital products and connected devices. The technologies and products we develop create new treatment possibilities, enable sharing of clinical experience, and result in better patient care.
In this scope we are searching for an Embedded/ Electronic Developer (f/m/d) to work within the robotics platform team.
Duties and responsibilities
For a new robotic surgery platform you define sub-system and component requirements
You develop embedded software based on microcontrollers
You partner closely with suppliers and develop concepts of electronic circuits, components and embedded systems
You review code, schematics, layouts and ensure the quality, conformity with standards and its verification
You partner closely with engineers from other domains such as software, testing, robotics, and mechanics to consider technology needs on a system level
You ensure timely, complete, and high-quality documentation of sub-system requirements and its integration in our product documentation system
noch zu definieren durch B.Braun
Professional competencies
Profound engineering background in electronics, embedded systems, or mechatronics
Experience in developing and designing embedded systems, including electronics and software (embedded-C) development
Experience in working with standards and general requirements engineering, ideally in the field of medical device development (IEC 60601-1, IEC 60601-1-2, IEC 62304)
Experience with relevant development environments and software tools (FreeRTOS, Linux, Eclipse (IDE), Altium) would be a plus
Experience in managing suppliers would be a plus
Personal competencies
You are a technology enthusiast with high discipline in technical documentation
You have proven interface and communication competences in interdisciplinary teams
You are a hands-on executer with a finisher mindset
You are an excellent team player, encourage collaboration and mutual support
You speak fluently English and German
Was wir bieten
What we offer
Become part of a corporate culture that actively promotes constructive exchanges between colleagues, customers and partners. Work with us to improve people's lives in the long term. We can offer you interesting, varied tasks and excellent opportunities for advancement, as well as an attractive salary with extensive benefits, all within a dynamic family-owned company.
Benefits
Flexible and family oriented working hours and hybrid working between office and home
A brand-new modern office optimized for concentration and collaboration with an integrated high-tech simulation operating room and generous social areas and creativity zones
High quality of life in one of Germany's most attractive cities
Your next step
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €
Our Location
Open map
B. Braun Melsungen AG
Freiburg, Deutschland
Company Benefits
Company pension
Flexible working hours
Company laptop
Employee discount
Cafeteria
Company medical officer
Coaching
The benefits listed are applicable to the company and can differ depending on the position or department.