Jobs by email
Apple Distribution International ULC
SWE - Software Engineer (C++), WTE
München
Permanent contract
Full Time
Published: 2 weeks ago
Show salary
I'm interested
Save
Summary
Apple engineers have always focused on one person when they build software — the person who will use it. Working in our Software Group (SWE) you’ll see why every Apple product and service feels intuitive and simple, and why every aspect of this group’s work is built around a respect for the customer’s needs
The world is quickly moving to 5G, and iPhone offers an advanced 5G experience, transforming the way users connect, share, and enjoy content. By the end of 2021, support for 5G on iPhone will double around the globe, with over 200 carriers worldwide in 60 countries and regions.
Would you like to make an impact on this scale? Join our Wireless Technologies and Eco-Systems (WTE) team and help us create the tools that power the productivity and efficiency of Apple software development!
Ihre Aufgaben
The Apple Cellular Protocol Software (CPS) team is responsible for building tools for Protocol Stack development. We use practical knowledge and experience with computer science to help us build, maintain and extend the vital tools that assure successful delivery of software to Apple products.
This position provides an opportunity to work with the Protocol Stack and Tooling team. You will drive the implementation and improvement of internal tools and processes that support the development of the Cellular Protocol Stack. You will have the opportunity to contribute to tools developed and maintained by the team in the area of unit testing, ASN.1, trace decoding and frameworks.
Our team's scope covers: Unit Test driver for Module testing, Protocol stack messaging and logging framework and tooling; Air message en-/decoding framework and tooling Generating documentation; Specialised compiler and tooling development; Automation of verification, e.g. message en-/decoding Specification analysis (3GPP and internal) Interface and component design with other teams of Apple SW development, verification and debugging
Qualifications
Key Qualifications
Good C++ programming skills
Knowledge in software testing methods and tools
Familiar with MacOS & Linux for development purposes
Confident writing automation scripts in Python
Understand compiler construction (flex, bison)
Ability to work independently as a member of a multi-functional team
Excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills
Basic understanding of Cellular Protocol Stack
Computer science fundamentals no matter how you got them.
This role may require occasional international travel/transatlantic travel.
Why Apple?
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products.
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Like this job?
Your feedback will help us to improve your job search.
I'm interested
Chevron right icon
Salary
Curious about the salary for this job?
Show salary
€
Min €
Max €