ÁLLÁSHIRDETÉS FELADÁS
Senior BI Data Analyst 
The BI Data Analyst will support an agile development team consisting of data governance team members, data modelers, and BI developers. They will act as business analyst on the team for the data related initiatives and lead data analysis troubleshooting for data requests and reports. The analyst will assist in the development of recommendations, communications, and process improvements based on findings and insights and will serve as an expert resource on data and the data model and help coordinate analysis.
Support The BI/reporting Lead
BI Responsibilities
Transforms client requests into data deliverables with the lead data architect to include data models, data mappings and data transformation rules by working closely with Data Architect to provide input to new data models.
Provide data extraction, reports, dashboards, analysis, and consultation services across organization.
Participates in the development of reports/dashboards
Participates in the troubleshooting of data warehouse refresh issues.
Act as scrum master for the team and prepare detailed stories for developers.
Independently Works On
Identify reporting and data analysis needs.
Logs, tracks, and manages issues and requests in Azure Dev Ops.
Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear and user-friendly manner
Performs testing, issue resolution and works with developers to automate testing/data validation
Lead requirements workshops and User Acceptance Testing for new data solutions
Troubleshoot and help resolve reporting issues and approved BI help desk requests
Maintains the BI Wiki knowledgebase articles and actively participates in maintaining support policies and procedures.
Maintains and initiates BI technical documentation.
Create test cases and perform quality validation of data warehouse content to ensure accuracy.
Analyze code in BI tools (e.g., PowerBI, Tableau) to determine data usage and assist with determining the data usage accuracy.
Create and improve documentation that allows stakeholders to understand the steps of a process or reports.
Create data flow diagrams to illustrate data lineage and mapping from the data warehouse to end-point publication.
Supporting The Data Governance Lead
Data Governance Responsibilities
Support the roll-out of newly updated data governance policies across all the key data disciplines for multiple departments include (not limited to): Key Data Element identification, data lineage capture, Data Quality rule development, Data Consolidation rules.
Conduct data profiling to identify data quality issues and work with Business and IT teams to resolve the issues.
Participate in metadata collection and contribute to metadata catalog, business glossary to manage the definition and tracing of lineage of critical-data-elements.
Perform data profiling and analysis to interpret current data, analyze and derive enterprise reference values and recommend data quality rules
Work on processes for data quality management including profiling, exception handling, workflow, and metrics. Support data quality issues resolution and monitoring activities.
Validate data by verifying against requirements and success criteria.
Participate in integration analysis across data sources and targets by performing source data analysis, understanding data model, and developing source to target mapping documentation.
Partner with business teams and stakeholders to understand data requirements and perform data analysis.
Conduct data profiling, mining, and data validation to ensure data is fit for use by the business
Provide support in developing metadata, developing data quality rules, data lineage and reference data management approach
Independently Works On
Communication of work items to surface regular updates with stakeholders and regarding proposed solutions, timelines, progress, and issues
Documentation of detailed knowledge of Data Flows and processes.
Drive alignment on data decisions and enterprise definitions across different business units and stakeholders
Manage and work closely with various stakeholders (business owners, IT, department leadership, etc.) to drive through data management activities (support core data capabilities, training stakeholders, enhancing DM policy & procedure docs, etc.)
Liaise with stakeholders involved in data lineage work effort to manage ‘stitching’ activities to build end-to-end data lineage scenarios
Design and develop training programs to educate data producers and consumers on new data management processes across the data lifecycle
Help support the data council, including, socializing proposed solutions, and communicating decisions
Skills and Knowledge Required to fulfill the role:
Proficiency in English language, both written and verbally
Strong understanding of relational and multidimensional data design and development techniques including star schema, cube design, ETL.
Proficiency in SQL and Data Analysis Expressions (DAX) to maintain, develop, and improve data systems.
Experience with Salesforce Data Objects
Proven experience with programming for data analysis.
Knowledge of R programming language is nice to have but not mandatory
What our client can offer to You:
Competitive salary
Flexibility - opportunity for regular home office, but with occassional presence in Budapest office
Being a member of a global, diverse team
What you should do?
If you're interested in this role, click 'Apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your English CV.
Jelentkezem
